great location - poor hotel . Yes , the location is great , but that 's all the positive comment this hotel gets . The room was very small , the furniture was very old , a rusted heating and a mini bathroom . It was very warm when we visited and it was impossible to turn on the airco because it made a terrible noise . . . so the room got so hot that we had a incredible headache in the morning . Never never again ! I think this hotel used to be very nice , but now it is more than time for renovation ! ! !
Disappointing . We booked this hotel based upon some reasonable reviews . Sadly , it turned out to be a big disppointment . It appears that some of the more recent ( poor ) reviews are more reflective of the true standard of this hotel . Our room was small but since we spent most of the day sightseeing , this was no real problem . More importantly , the room was incredibly worn and dingy . Also , the shower did not work properly . There was only a trickle of water from the shower which ranged in temperature from freezing cold to scalding hot . In addition , there was little soundproofing meaning that we were woken up by lots of people coming home at night . Overall , the hotel is badly in need of some refurbishment and is very over rated on this site . I 've given it a two star rating because it is relatively cheap , the location is not bad and the staff were reasonably friendly . However , I would certainly try somewhere else next time .
Dirty , Poor Management . First of all the location is good , no doubt about it . The food in the restaurant and the lobby are good too , but thats it . The quality of the rooms ( even in the renovated wing ) are garbage . The management was very unaccommodating for any request made , and they were not big requests . The rooms were dirty , wore down , and just plain old and ugly . I would n't even walk barefoot throughout the room thats how bad it was . Reception was horrible and did not even try to be helpful with anything . Other than location , which is n't even that important considering the size of Amsterdam and easy transportation , this hotel is bad . The equivalent of about a 2 star hotel in the states .
Great weekend - Feb 05 Good hotel , good location . A bit worried about our room on 1st impression ( smallish , ground floor , on street ) but v comfortable and no problem from street noise . The concept here from the operators is clearly to spend cash on the decor , fittings etc and chuck in things like free room drinks and bar but save on the staffing ; usually there was one receptionsist who doubled up making sure the bar was stocked with drinks and nibbles , and a guy who came round clearing up empty glasses etc and that 's all the ' front of house ' staff there were . Plus no restaurant apart from breakfast . I think on the whole it works , although it is dependent on the quality of what staff there are . One receptionist was very pleasant and helpful , the other less so , although both very knowledgeable , and you should definitely go to the Dutch restaurant they recommend round the corner . Mustard soup - fantastic ! I would definitely go again .
Smallest Room Ever . If you are travelling alone - please do n't stay at this Hotel . The single room I was assigned on the 4th floor was the smallest I have ever stayed in . There was just enough room fot the bed . The bathroom was also tiny . Avoid !
Great stay at Banks Mansion . I recently spent four days at Banks Mansion during a long weekend . We both loved it and would recommend it to friends . The location is great as it is equidistant between the centre of town and the museum area - we walked pretty much everywhere all weekend but the tram was outside the door if you wanted it . Also it is on one of the main canals , but it is far enough away from the neon lights and really touristy squares to feel really relaxed ( although there is a sqaure with all this only a block away if you want it ) . Room was nicely done with massive walk - in shower and art deco styling . We didnt have a canal view as all were booked but it was fine and heavy curtains and double glazing kept out all noise from the street . Really nice touch is free mini bar in room and free serve yourself area downstairs - soft drinks , wine , beers , coffee , tea , cava and even spirits . Also free internet . Dont get me wrong , you dont go to Amsterdam to drink all day in the room , but it was really nice to go back to freshen up and have a beer before heading out , or a night cap when returning home . We normally dont use hotel facilities as it always feels a rip - off , but it made it feel really relaxing to be able to do this .
small but clean . the hotel room 's were very small and the stairs very very steep but apart from that it was in an ideal area as everything you want to see is within walking distance .
Hated it ! We stayed here in October 2002 . The room we were given was on the top floor , we needed oxygen by the time we 'd got up there ! The double room we were given was dreadful , if one of us wanted to get in or out of the bathroom door , the other had to sit on the bed to make way . There was no light shade on the main light , the shower was a mere trickle and it was just generally dingy . Would rather stay at home than go back to the Nadia !
Very good choice . Bath
great location . The Park Hotel was a great choice ! the location was great , the hotel staff was friendly , and the rooms were nice and clean ! The location is very close to the the Leidseplein . A 5 minute walk ! Also near by the hotel were other high end shops and art galleries . Which was great ! The hotel staff was very friendly ! They all spoke english ! Which always helpful . The BEST thing about the hotel was the size of the rooms ! They were very spacious . I can actually leave my HUGE suitcase wide open in the middle of the room and still have space to walk around ! Visiting from Los Angeles ( where hotel rooms are much larger than typical European hotel rooms ) , this room was perfect for 4 days ! The room was very neat and clean ! the bathrooms were updated and new as well ! The bed sheets were clean and the bed was very comfortable . I was very pleased with this hotel . i will definately stay here again the next time i visit amsterdam .
Old , tatty , poor customer service - avoid ! Upon arrival at Central Station the hotel looked quite promising - it occupies a corner position in a large old building . On the positive side : Close to the station and although there is work going on outside this is n't noticeable inside . The reception area , brasserie , bar and breakfast rooms are all nice , unfortunately this is where all of the positives end ! On the negative side : The first room we were allocated was filthy - The room smelt old and damp . The carpet looked dated and dirty . The bath enamel had come off in several places . The woodwork was scratched and looked as though an animal had been chewing on it . The second room we were allocated : ( supposedly refurbished in 2006 ) was in slightly better condition than the first - the bath enamel was in tact . The carpet was still old and dirty looking the woodwork worn and tired , there was dirt on the walls of the bathroom and bedroom , the duvet covers had been thrown over the duvets and not fastened . The fan in the bathroom did n't work and the hairdryer on the wall looked like something out of the 60 's - it made an almighty noise and did n't even dry my hair . The tea and coffee facilities had not been replenished and it took two telephone calls , a visit to reception and 4 hours to get 2 tea bags from housekeeping . - Good job I was n't thirsty . There were several curtains on the window which seemed to stop the cleaners being able to get to them - when I pulled back the net the window and windowsill were grey and covered in dust / dirt . We stayed on the Relax package ( dinner bed and breakfast ) which I would not recommend . These packages are much better at the Hilton or Marriott . When we went for dinner in the brasserie we were told we had to have Shrimp and Avocado salad followed by Rib Eye Steak and chocolate dessert . I explained that neither of us ate shrimp or steak and was told that we would have to see the menu then ! On looking at the menu the 3 course menu was on offer anyway so I do n't know why we HAD to have what we were told when seated ! Food was ok but vegetarian options on the menu were limited the veg starter was a sweetpepper risotto and the veg main cousre was green bean risotto . The service was poor throughout the hotel and if you have booked I would strongly recommend that you check your bill carefully when checking out and do n't choose the express checkout option . Checking out took a long time but I am glad we waited as they had tried to charge for breakfast twice despite it being included in the package . This was eventually taken off but whilst we were there we also heard 3 other guests complaining that their bills were also higher than they should have been and some guests had been charged for services that they did not have . I would never return to this hotel or recommend it to anyone - not even my worst enemy . Reception seems like a 4 star but the rest of the hotel is 2 star standards at best . Very disappointed
Be aware of the large and noisy construction ! There is a reason for the special rates that you may find : there is major on - going construction just next to the hotel . The pictures that you may see with the nice view of the canals are outdated , now this is a big construction area . I stayed in this hotel two nights at the end of the august . In general the hotel is located in a very congested and noisy area . But while I was given a quiet room ( with a view of a wall ) next morning I woke - up at 8 am due to the drilling noise of the outside construction . The noise was so laud that at first I was convinced that it was coming from an adjoined room . But the administration said that it was the construction outside and that there was nothing they can do about it . Also when asking for a wake - up call , be aware that it wo n't be a call but you TV will be automatically turned on - meaning that if you happen to fall asleep with the TV on there will be nothing to wake you up . Do n't even waste your time arguing with the administration .
Worst value in Amsterdam . This hotel was just a great disappointment . The first room we had had an average view on a small courtyard but it had two beds and we wanted a double bed so we asked to change . The second room had indeed a double bed , but it has a only a very small window facing a wall ! Both rooms were small , dark , with average decoration and furniture . The decoration of the common areas does not match the standing of the hotel either , except for the bar and the restaurant , which are nice . However , they are on the other side of the buidings , and , in order to get there , you must take a long and gloomy corridor , with no decoration , which looks like you are in a basic motel . We used the room service for dinner the first night because we arrived late , and we also took breakfast in our room . The food was also very disappointing for an hotel which is supposed to be first class .
Very Elegant . I stayed at the Hotel Pulitzer in the beginning of January . Rooms were european sized but the room was very well kept and very clean . Nice bath amenities . Nice sheets and linen . Room Service Food was good . Staff was very helpful . Pulitizer is right on the Pritzgracht canal and has an excellent location . It is quiet and safe in a residential area . On thing I liked was just a block away was an Albert Heijn grocery store for picking up an odd room snack or soda so you do n't have to pay $ 5.00 from the mini bar . The tram stopped here as well , making it easy to get around town
Not a 5 Star Hotel . I stayed in this hotel on a recent business trip . The location was great only a short walk from the Central Station and easy access to Amsterdam attractions . However this is not a 5 star hotel , in reality it is a very tired 4 star hotel . My room was small and in dire need of updating . I was on the 5th floor , which was accessed via one lift that seemed to be hidden away in the back part of the hotel . Despite the higher floor I was still left a note from the hotel management with ear plugs to block out the noise from Dam Square , when I actually needed them to block out the very loud and very awful music that was piped throughout the hotel corridors . Looking out my window I had a perfect view into some apartments opposite , which meant I had to keep my blinds closed at all times for privacy . The bathroom had seen better days and the hairdryer was in shreds and unusable . However when I called the front desk I was brought one within five minutes . Overall the staff are very friendly and helpful but the rooms are in need of updating . The hotel needs to downgrade its star rating or else they will have many dissapointed guests .
Superb Hotel . This is a superb hotel that I actually booked before reading the reviews . My wife and I spent two excellent nights there on 22 and 23rd September 2006 . All the previous reviews were spot on . From the moment we arrived the staff were so helpful and friendly . The room was perfect and the flowers I had ordered were in the room waiting ( I have never seen such a fantastic bouquet ) . The location is fine and the complimentary drinks in both the room and the lounge area were an excellent idea . Would highly recommend and will be staying there again for definite .
Queens Day Weekend . View from Room 103
Overpriced , poor service . I stayed at the Krasnapolsky for one night on October 15 , 2004 . The main problem with this hotel is service overall and the front desk in particular . First , the lobby of the Krasnapolsky is extremely disorganized . There is no reason that they could not put up a sign and some ropes indicating that the line for the check - in counter starts here . Instead , guests were coming at the clerks from all directions and people breaking into the 2 or 3 lines that had formed . It made the check - in process about twice as long as it should have been . Second , there were only three front desk clerks working when we checked in and there were many guests lined up . This is poor planning and again contributed to a very long and very frustrating check in . On to my room . It was clean , yet very small and cramped . I would have expected more for 200 Euro a night . Also , I had to walk a great distance to get to the elevator , and there were a minimum of signs . Again , very frustrating . The room safe malfunctioned and I could not get access to my valuables . Again , frustrating . On the positive side , the breakfast was excellent . Very good food and good service in the restaurant . At checkout , the same chaotic scene greeted me , and a stranger in front of me commented that the front desk area was possibly the most disorganized he had ever seen . I agree with him . The front desk in any hotel is vital to a customer 's impression of the hotel - and the front desk at the Krasnapolsky is about the worst I have ever encountered - especially for a luxury hotel . I would not stay at the Krasnapolsky again . Ironically , I stayed at the NH Chateau Marquette in Heemskerk for 5 nights prior to the Krasnapolsky , and although the hotel was not as luxurious as the Krasnapolsky , the staff were friendly and helpful and the food was again very good . It seems as though the service problems at the Krasnapolsky are not found at all NH hotels - perhaps the front desk staff at the Krasnapolsky need more basic customer service training , or the front desk management should be looked at .
Krass Krasnapolsky ! This was a most imposing hotel . It was spacious and quite grand . However , we found the service to be very sub - standard to the point of rudness . On return we complained and , eventually , received a written apology along with the 2 - night voucher - for the same hotel ! Worse , we had to use the voucher within a very short period . Did we return here - no chance ! !
stayed 3 nights on 30 april 2004 - ok but not great . I have been to amsterdam 5 times previous but this is the first time I have stopped at the victoria . I wouldnt say I would not stop here again but it would definitely not be my top choice . I booked the victoria because the hotel I usually stop in was full booked in fact most good hotels were booked due to queens day . The public places in the hotel are nice but the rooms are absolutely not of a 4 star standard they are dated but they are what I would call just OK . Please be aware though there was no indication that breakfast was not included and at the end of my stay I was presented with a 120 euro bill for 2 people having breakfast for 3 mornings . When we went in for breakfast we were not told that it would be 20 euros each and at check - in nothing was mentioned about extra charges for breakfast . Overall hotel OK but they are much better three star ones for less money with central location .
Great staff , good value . With the exchange rate what it is for us Americans , I was really looking for a good value , and got it at Hotel Nadia . And the staff is very friendly . As you 'd expect , the rooms are nothing fancy , but provided a good sleep . I asked for a quiet room , and got it ! Much quieter than expected , given the buzz of the city , cable cars , etc . I liked that the rooms have a frig , TV , safe , and remodeled bathrooms . However , the shower head spray in room 518 is a bit interesting / difficult - - - No complaints at all on the WC in the first night 's room . ( we started and ended our trip with 1 - night in Amsterdam ) ; As you have probably already read , there is no elevator . The staff helps with the bags , thank goodness . Please know for older people or those who are not active at all , the stairs can be tiring - - We were on the top floor ; that 's 73 curvy steps up . At 40 yrs old , I 'm glad that I was hitting the gym , before the trip ! Of course there are rooms on lower levels , but still more stairs than one typically climbs in the U . S . It 's hard for me to rate it , as my only other hotel experience ( over the past 8 - yrs ) has been at a much more expensive hotel . For this category of hotel , I recommend Hotel Nadia to anyone looking for a value in my favorite city .
Wrongfully Charged for Room cancelled . We had made a very early fully refundable reservation to stay at the Hotel Pulitzer through a travel agent but had the travel agent cancel the reservation a couple of months before our arrival date because we had a found a better deal . Though our travel agent promptly cancelled the reservation , the Pulitzer still charged us and refused to credit us despite the fact that they could provide no documentation to explain their position . It was not until months later that the credit card company resolved the matter in our favor . I am shocked at the way this matter was mishandled by the hotel .
What a welcome ! Have just returned from a short break in Amsterdam , staying in the Nadia Hotel . We have rarely encountered such friendly welcoming staff who really made our visit memorable . Five minutes after we checked in Flowers were delivered to our room with a welcome card - really nice touch . You might not get the same high class amenities that are offered in some of the bigger chains , but if you want to stay somewhere that makes you feel at home from the moment that you walk in the door , then this is the place for you . Personal service and a warm welcoming smile , coupled with unique rooms devoid of any uniformity make this a place to remember - I 'd have no hesitation recommending it to anyone . . .
OK . Let 's get the good stuff out there : Location : Superb Communal areas : these make the hotel , they are old - fashioned but very cosy and you 'll happily sit in the library reading the papers if you so desire . Service : helpful and friendly . However , I always look forward to two things when I go to a hotel , and they are a great room and a delicious breakfast . Breakfast was distinctly average , not a very wide choice . And the standard room was tiny . I KNOW this is standard for city - centre hotels , especially in a canal - house , but there was no floorspace even for our bags ! We had to move chairs to get the wardrobe open , there was nothing in the mini - bar , the bed mattress was AWFUL and shower room was a different climate to the rest of the room , seemingly being located somewhere near the North Pole . Whilst I would n't put anyone off staying here as the prices are reasonable , it 's not somewhere I would return simply because getting a good night 's sleep is so hard .
Fantastic , Fantastic , Fantastic . I booked this hotel , direct , as part of a 3 night / 4day trip to Amsterdam . I was told about this by a good friend of mine . The hotel is just around the corner from Rembrant Square , and 200 mtrs from the no . 4 tram stop . the outside of the hotel is nothing special , but when you climb the steps ( only 4 or 5 ) and enter the lounge / reception area , you get a feeling of something special . The staff are friendly , professional and very helpful . one lady Nina , is a credit to the hotel ! ! ! The ' Lounge ' area is relaxed with comfy chairs and sofas , a fire in one corner , and NO Television ! ! ! There is a bar that comes as complementary as part of your rate . The rooms are a decent size , not massive , just right . We had the choice of a room with a canal view , which has a massive walk in shower , or a bigger room with a bath for 2 and a good size shower , but no view . we took the room with the bath and shower . All movies and in room drins are included . the bed was a good size king , and was really comfortable . We ordered breakfast in bed on the first morning , and it was delivered on time and hot ! ! ! There is not many things wrong with this hotel , it does what it says , and with a certain style , that is not over the top . I could go on , but what i will say , is that we will be going back ! ! !
Very disappointing - overpriced ! Went to the Banks Mansion for two nights in April . Went with my brother so we booked two rooms . Hotel looks great from the outside but extremely disappointing inside . It looks as though it has been designed with the cheapest of everything possible . It is certainly not a boutique hotel and infact nothing more than a rather poor bed and breakfast . My room was at the back of the hotel . Woodchip celings and two very small windows that I hd to stand on my tip toes to see out . The furniture in the rooms is of chipboard quality and the complimentary mini bar - well laughable . They advertise that all your drinks are free , yes they are if you want to drink cheap Cava , cheap white wine and cheap red wine . You can not get spirits in the downstairs bar ! The staff are very abrupt and the breakfast room is in the basement of the hotel and is reminiscent of a school lunch room . There is no restaurant facilities in the hotel at other times . I would not recommend it to couples for a romantic weekend - it is n't romantic . I think they have some clever marketing but surely they can not continue to kid everyone all the time . It may be good value if you can drink 48 bottles of beer a day - I sadly could n't !
Deeply disappointing . Having booked a deluxe room at the Pulitzer , we were very much looking forward to our one night stay . However , from the moment that we had to walk through a series of corridors that got darker and more tatty the further we went , our expectations were disappointed . Finally , having lugged our suitcases up a winding and dirty staircase we got to our room . It was small and smelt very strongly of smoke . When booking , I had ticked the non - smoking preference and neither of us felt comfortable in such a smoky atmosphere . When my husband returned to reception to ask if we could change rooms , he was told we had requested a smoking room , which was untrue . The woman at front desk was unprepared to do anything to rectify the hotel 's mistake other than to offer to have some air fresheners sent to the room . We were extremely unimpressed by the quality of service we encountered . Further , there was damp on the wall behind our bed , the view was of ugly air conditioning units and the bathroom was so small that you could n't stand up to use the toilet . The high price we paid to stay here does not represent value for money as far as we are concerned and we would choose to stay at an alternative hotel in Amsterdam in future .
Rude staff , stay somewhere else ! We were planning to stay at this hotel but our flight was cancelled due to a malfunction of the plane . This malfunction made us cancel our trip to the Netherlands . Every other hotel in the Netherlands agreed to refund our money , but not this one . They made no effort whatsoever to show any understanding or compassion . In fact , they were very rude and nasty to us when we tried to explain the situation to them . We even provided them with proof that our flight was cancelled and they still did n't care , they just kept saying that it is company policy . In fact , when we talked with Starwood about this policy , they actually told us that it was up to the local manager to make the determination . So , stay away from this hotel , the management is aweful and rude .
Gracious living . In October 2006 , I took my children on a European holiday and chose the Seven Bridges Hotel , Amsterdam , for our last two nights . I am partial to antiques and wonderful soft furnishings , which is why I chose this hotel . Another attraction was the age of the place . . . 300 years old ! It more than satisfied my expectations . We were given room 5 , a large , magnificently furnished room to share , with its own balcony overlooking a private garden at the rear of the hotel , away from the noise and bustle of the canals . We had our own marble ensuite and a flat screen TV , which the children loved . Each morning , the owners brought a breakfast tray to our room , full of delicious fresh food , served on fine china . . . . what a way to be pampered ! The room was tastefully decorated with fine antiques and rich fabrics , Persian carpets and interesting artworks . We were right next to the canal , so made use of the canal cruises and enjoyed ambling along the cobbled streets and looking at galleries and shops . At night , we found a few restaurants nearby and were close to major shops and bus routes on the Rembrandtplein . Amsterdam is a joy to explore and we all loved the relaxed feel of the place and the tolerance of the Dutch to different customs . The owners were most accommodating in storing our luggage and calling taxis or advising us where to go and I would definitely like to return to this hotel . We paid 550 euros for two nights , which included the breakfast and all taxes .
Visitors from York . On returning to Amsterdam after several years we were looking for a small and intimate hotel to celebrate Valentine 's Day - the Seven Bridges Hotel was perfect ! This is a small hotel with a number of canalside bedrooms with stunning views - each of the bedrooms is individually designed and furnished with antique furniture . There are no public rooms - a large and filling breakfast is brought to your bedroom on Villeroy Bosch crockery and this just adds to the charm . The hotel is well situated for all the tourist attractions and yet is in a quiet street . The hotel website gives a true impression of the property with plenty of photographs of the wonderful bedrooms . It was easy to book directly with the owners , who were very helpful . Would we return - absolutely , we ca n't wait ! Recommended for romantic breaks , couples , and anyone who likes an individual hotel with character . Not recommended for disabled or anyone who has difficulty with steep stairs .
dishonest management . We stayed at Hotel Seven Bridges for a few nights in October 2004 . The evening before we departed I went to the owner and said I wanted to settle our bill as we were leaving early the next morning . He said he did not have time to do it then . The next morning , October 8 , 2004 , as we were leaving for the airport to return home to Portland , I went to the owner and paid him the 240Euros due . I paid him in cash and asked for a receipt . He acted indignant and said he was out of receipts and did not have time to go get more since he had to run the place alone . As we had a plane to catch , I was unable to do anything other than write down the amount I paid him in my spiral notebook . I signed a blank VISA paper when we checked in and I was told it would be destroyed if I paid cash , WHICH I DID . Imagine my surprise when VISA said I owed for three nights lodging and they had a signed receipt for 10 / 21 / 04 . . . . . . ten days after we were home and back at work ! I think the Seven Bridges acted fraudulently and advise you to be ware .
Overpriced faux luxury . We recently returned from a trip to Amsterdam and Germany , traveling with a family of five . We stayed at this hotel on our last night as we had a flight out of Amsterdam and it 's convenient to the train station . We had 2 rooms in the Royal wing , which were OK , but definitely not worth the money we paid compared to other hotels on our trip in the same price range . Hotel Krasnapolsky seems to cut corners to give guests the appearance of luxury without actually having to pay for it . The rooms are attractive , with hardwood floors and modern furnishings . But they skimp on the big ticket items . Other hotels in this price range have very fine linens and down comforters . This one had heavier synthetic comforters and less expensive bedding . There are robes and slippers and abundant little goodies in the bathroom , but the flourescent lighting in the bathroom was dim and depressing . The decor was bargain - basement trying to look expensive - - faux granite on the bathroom floor and no evidence of design or artfulness anyplace in the hotel . I knew it was an old hotel and expected to find at least a hint of its former elegance . I didn ' t . I 'm glad we did n't pay the 21 euros apiece for breakfast in the Winter Garden . ( there 's a very nice cafe next door with a huge breakfast for less than half that . ) I suppose what you are paying for is the Hotel 's Dam Square location , but considering how easy it is to get around in Amsterdam , and considering how noisy and dirty the Dam is , why not stay some place a little further away and just walk over ? As to convenience to the train station , it 's about a 3 - 4 block walk which is fine for someone who is n't traveling with kids but we ended up taking a taxi to the airport anyway !
Nice Hotel , Great Location . Not sure if you can see - - floor plan of building , to see sizes of bathrooms rooms
HATED the Park Hotel . I booked this hotel as I was on a business trip . I had to stay there for 4 days . The first room I was given was appalling , crampt , dirty with holes in the curtains and bed sheets , NOISY and as already commented - I had to put a foot in the bath in order to use the toilet ! ! I ca n't believe that this hotel has been awarded 4 stars . There was so much noise on the first night , that I had to move at 1 am . The second room was just a bad . After complaining to the management I was given an upgrade to a ' club ' room . The club room was ok and of 4 star standard . I would not recommend anyone to stay there , the only positive comment would be the location . I complained to Le Meridien about this hotel and was offered a free night 's accommodation there if I used it within 6 months HA ! NO CHANCE !
Notr quite the Starwood Luxury I expected . I travel to Amsterdam frequently for business and have stayed at the Pulitzer several times in Fall 2007 and Winter 2008 . It is very well located and impressive on arrival but it is not the 5 star experience I have had at other Starwood hotels . While it is quaint to be in an assembly of historic town houses , the up and downs it takes to get to one 's room gets old . The rooms are ok . While there are desks it is a very dark to try to actually do some work . And the price for internet is absurb . The bed is the same great Westin bed that keeps us business travelers loyal to Starwood . The baths have been so - so . The neighborhood is really very nice and one of the reasons to stay at this hotel . However , I have now located another hotel nearby that is about half the price but with even more charm .
Quaint , friendly and perfectly located . We went to Amsterdam for New Year 2008 and decided to stay at the Hotel Nadia for the third time . Before considering the Hotel Nadia you must consider Amsterdam as a whole . It is a vibrant beautiful city but not the most accessible at times . If you are deciding on which hotel to stay at and are concerned about the size or layout of the hotel then you simply must realise that this is Amsterdam and everything is condensed . With that in mind on with the review . . . . The Hotel Nadia is quite simply the most friendly hotel we have ever stayed in anywhere in the world . The staff are always approachable and will always greet you with a friendly hello . Nothing is too much to ask from them and they have given us some great advice and help over the years . When you arrive at the Hotel you will be greeted not only by a friendly member of staff but also a daunting stairway up into the main reception area . I can not sum up just how daunting the stairs are at first but as mentioned before this is Amsterdam and everywhere is like that here . But I promise you that you do get used to the stairs and the staff are always willing to shuttle your luggage up for you . Once you are up the stairs you are greeted with a complimentary drink ( much needed ! ) We were also greeted in our room by a fantastic bouquet of flowers welcoming us back home and its really apt as staying here is like staying with friends more than staying in a hotel . The rooms are small ( again like most hotels in Amsterdam ) but furnished wonderfully with some really quirky features . Everything you need in your room is there ( Shower , WC , Fridge , Safe , TV with tons of channels etc ) but the best rooms are ones with a balcony as the view is tremendous as you can see the stunning Westerkerk from your room but also the canal that runs alongside the building . The location is perfect as its central enough to make most important sights a mere five minute walk ( Anne Frank House , Red Light District , Dam Square ) and also slap bang in the middle of two supermarkets and a load of little cafes and restaurants that are also reasonably priced as they are slightly off the beaten track . There are also some lovely boutique shops two minutes away along the canal . It is the safest hotel we have ever stayed in too , Amsterdam can be quite boisterous at times what with stag weekends etc but thankfully Nadia is a family hotel that avoids the usual tourist groups due to its location . The hotel manager is also a great security plus in the hotel as he is a lovely man but you certainly would n't want to get on the wrong side of him ! ! Breakfast is more than acceptable offering coffee , juices , teas , bread , toast , croissants and various cakes . The breakfast room itself is a sight to behold as it is beautiful . We have dietary requirements when staying in a hotel and this was and never has been a problem for us in the Nadia . All in all I have nothing to say other than good things about the Hotel Nadia . If you are looking for a flashy sterile five star hotel then this probably is n't the place for you . But if you are looking for a safe , reasonably priced , friendly hotel with awesome five star staff and a wonderful location then I strongly suggest booking the Nadia ASAP . Just do n't book it when we want to stay here because I do n't think we could ever stay anywhere else even if it was a five star hotel for free ! We would miss the staff here far too much and it would feel like we were cheating on them ! That how much we love of this hotel .
Wonderful Experience . We were traveling with a group of 5 couples and just completed a 14 day river cruise from Budapest to Amsterdam . Found the Estherea on the internet and it had received some nice reviews from fellow travelers . Price was right too . We were not disappointed . The rooms were spacious with a large bathroom . Our room was on the warm side but the hotel staff supplied us a fan which really helped . The lobby was had a wonderful decor and the staff was extreme helpful . Estherea is right on the Single canal and all the main attractions were within easy walking distance - Ann Frank House , Dam Square , Red Light District , Flower Market , etc . The hotel only serves breakfast which I thought was pricey . My wife ate there both mornings and said it was very good . There are a couple of pastry shops in the next block which were excellent . We highly recommend the Estherea .
Disgusted . We just returned from a 2 - night stay at the Swissotel . We were extremely disappointed with this hotel , after reading great reviews on this site and elsewhere . Our room , requested as non - smoking , smelled very smoky , and it was also very dirty - - dirty carpet , dirty bathroom , etc . Scaffolding and plastic was our ' view ' outside our window . Our bathtub did not drain properly and spewed sewage when we ran the faucet . After complaining to the condescending manager , our rate was reduced by 10 E a night . We were not at all happy with this hotel or its treatment of us . Also , it was very noisy at night , with noise coming from the carnival at the Dam square , and the tram which runs right outside the hotel , as well as from the generally very busy street outside . Pro : It is an easy walk from the train station and convenient to restaurants , shopping , sights , etc . That is the only reason I give this hotel two stars .
We would always use the Nadia in Amsterdam . Stayed with 5 friends for 2 nights . Staff were extremely friendly and could not do enough to help . Fantastic location . Would recommend a stay at the Nadia for anyone travelling to Amsterdam .
querky hotel - love the stairs . On arrival at the door way under the arcade I pressed the door entry buzzer , and the door lock was released , we started to walk up the stairs , an oh boy were they steep - but then it was a traditional Amsterdam building and I knew it would have steep stairs - it was one of the reasons we choose to stay there . A lovely surprise was the bouquet of fresh flowers in the room . The shower room was very economical with space , but all aspects , shower , toilet and sink were in working order and clean . Will definately stay there again .
Good location . Absolutely fantastic location in dowtown Amsterdam . Clean hotel , good ( yes small , but good ) rooms , cheap ( considering it 's downtown amsterdam ) and very friendly staff . Certainly would come back here !
5* star hotel 1* room . View from Room 405
Great Location . I would say that the big plus for this hotel is its location . It is close to the Museum Plein with the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum , and boat trips around the city start just across the road . There are plenty of restaurants nearby including the Hard Rock Cafe just across the canal . The city centre is a short walk away along a pedestrianised street or you can take a tram . The hotel has been partly refurbished and the rooms we staying in were very modern but on the small side . The rooms did n't have a separate bathroom ; instead there was a partition with the wash basin , toilet cubicle and shower cubicle . The staff were friendly and helpful , and the bar service was good . It 's not the best hotel in Amsterdam but overall it 's good value , and I 'd probably go there again .
JUST AWFUL . This was the worse hotel I ever stayed at ! I wanted to write this review right after we checked into the hotel , that 's how appalled I was . First , we left the train station across from this hotel . We walked through a huge construction site that stretched a quater mile in front of the hotel . Fine , nothing the hotel can do about it , but no warning about the construction - which goes until about 1AM and starts at 7AM again - yet it was noted on the city map we received . Thanks for the heads up ! Next , we go into what I thought was going to be a classy hotel . Instead it seemed like we walked into a bar 3 hours into happy hour ; loud music , loud voices , people sleeping in the chairs in the lobby . Not the kind of the place the website and pictures portray this hotel to be . Then , our room . My jaw dropped as I opened the door - it looked like a dilapidated , disgusting motel room I would have expected to find in the RLD . The carpet was filthy , the hall and room itself smelt of stale smoke / stagnant air , the furniture was damaged and so old it looked like it had been picked up at a garage sale in 1964 ! And that was called the new wing ! The bathroom was terrible ! I actually had to use the Clorox disinfectant wipes I brought along to clean , but still showered with my flip flops on ! There was mold in corners of the bathroom . I brought my own washcloth only to have housekeeping take it away with the hotel towels . The bath towel that I got one day was blackened as if a car mechanic had used it to clean their hands . I wish I could share the pictures that I took of this place , just awful ! We went to see the pool and the gym and were also disappointed . We would refer to the pool as the foot pool because that 's about how big it was and the gym that the hotel had the nerve to charge for was nothing more than an extra room with some gym equitment shoved in it . We used neither . This hotel supposedly is a 4 - star hotel , when in fact it is a motel with a nice facade charging 5 - star rates ! I would never stay here again .
Not Recommended . This older hotel by the train station has not been well - maintained , and my room in particular was disgustingly dirty , with human hair all over the floor , stains on the carpet , and a filthy bathroom that had to be cleaned again immediately upon my arrival . Also , the window was broken and would not shut properly , which would make it easy for someone to break into the room ( a real danger in Amsterdam , particularly where this hotel is located ) . When I complained the hotel staff I was treated extremely rudely ; in response to my complaint a porter told me that I should just leave the hotel and stay somewhere else . To their credit , the management was more responsive and very apologetic for the condition of my room and the rude treatment by their staff . But that does not change the fact that my 1 - night stay was awful ; I would never stay here again and I would not recommend it to anyone . If you are looking for the convenience of this hotel 's location across from the train station , be aware that this is a particularly seedy , dangerous area . In this case it is clear that this hotel 's desirable location for travellers allows the hotel to get away with its shabby condition and service . If you want to me near the station but in a safer , better hotel , you should definitely pay a little more to stay at the Renaissance about 1 block away .
luxury ? a five star rat in my room ! Do n't get fool by book reviews and movies , this hotel is not a five star luxury experience , it dose n't even have sanitary standards ! I planned a trip with my parents who are 70yo , and I wanted to treat them with a nice experience in one of the best hotel in Amsetrdam . We were having drinks in my room when a rat walked by our feet ! I could not believe my eyes ! The manager said that is common in old houses by the canals in Amsterdam ! Do you think that 's an appropriate answer to give to a guest to pay more than 500 euros a night ? Orrible experience ! I never had rat in my room , not even in India ! My parents were shocked ! The hotel , on top of the rat , is totaly overated : the decor is standard , the room are like a sheraton hotel by any international airport , the concierge could not find me tickets for any concert in town , the staff is tired and not helpfull . Trust me save your money , this hotel it 's a total joke !
Stay away ! Tried to book 4 double rooms , but he manager did n't want us at he the hotel . This is what he said : the problem with a group of people is that there is a chance that they might disturb the other guests , simply by talking with each other in the hallway , visiting each other in the rooms , etc . We are all 33 years old , and not a bunch of teenagers . We really wanted to stay at this hotel , so it was very sad that they did n't want us there .
Distinctly Average . Having read the posted reviews , I was somewhat anxious about staying at The Park Hotel . I can only reiterate what others have said : it is certainly NOT 4* , particularly if you are used to North American or British 4* hotels . The standard room we had was adequate but small and would scrape a 3* rating in other countries , while the club room was better , but still only what one would expect of all rooms in such an establishment . We had a problem with very lightweight and unattached bathroom ceiling tiles lifting and the bathroom door opening spontaneously when we had the window open ( central heating was stifling ) and the duty manager did her utmost to help , finally accepting defeat and offering a room upgrade for our subsequent final night ( the hotel being full to capacity and only a very smoky room was our other option ) . The location is ideal and is only a very short walk from a tram stop served by lines 1 , 2 5 which terminate at Central Station . We also encountered staff who could not advise on where to buy a tram strip ticket in the evening : we were told the ( closed ) tourist office was our only option , while a nearby newsagent sold them . In all , a perfectly decent place to stay , provided you 're not planning on spending too much time in your room . I would return , but only if I knew that Le Meridien had engaged in some upgrading of facilities .
Our Secret weapon . It 's Amsterdam , it 's January 2007 , it 's cold , it 's wet , and the wind is truly amazing . Do we despair ? Do we travel on to another country ? No . Why you may ask do we continue to stay ? Because we have the secret weapon to thwart even the dreariest of days . Yes , we have the : Seven Bridges Hotel . The Hotels Superpowers include : The Amazing Hosts : These incredible people are gifted with the powers of grace , charm , conversation , humor , patience , and the ability to know that you need something , even before you thought of it . The All Empowering breakfast : Who needs lunch when you 've eaten breakfast here . Super comfortable Room # 7 : Equipped with the power to welcome , warm us . Elegantly appointed with tastefully chosen Antiques , and a very comfortable bed . The view of the gracious canal and bridges from the windows that run the full length of the room . Have the power of Relaxation . And finally , It 's Super Location : In a very nice part of the city , right around the corner form great Restaurants , Cheese , Meat and Wine markets , Shopping , And close ( within walking distance , even in the rain ) to the major Museums . So fellow travelers , when visiting Amsterdam remember : If this Hotel is so amazing on dreary days , what must it be like on beautiful sunny ones ? My Husband and I intend to go back and find out .
Worst 4 star hotel ever ! ! ! ! We 've booked this hotel through Priceline for $ 120USD / night . It was the worst 4 star hotel we 've ever stayed at and won through Priceline . We asked for a newly refurbished room and were initially given a non - smoking room facing the station but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke . The furniture and decor also do not match a refurbished room . We asked for a room change and were then given a second re - furbished room in the Garden Wing which was as shabby as the first but smaller but at least with no cigarette smell . We had an afternoon nap and when we woke up at 6pm , most of the lights did not work and the TV stop working as well . We rang the front desk and they said they will send someone up to fix it . We told them we will be going out to dinner but the repairman is free to come in . When we returned from dinner at 10pm , the lights and TV were not fixed . We rang the front desk again and they did not apologise that no one came earlier and again said they will send someone to fix the problem . An hour later there was still no repairman and when we rang the front desk , the receptionist was annoyed and came up to have a look himself . In the end , it was just a blown fuse in their electricity box and it took less than 2 min to fix but customer service is definitely lacking . The only saving grace for this hotel is its location which is directly across the road from Centraal Station . The lobby is completely refurbished and looks smart but the rooms are by no means smart ! They are supposed to be refurbished but really that refurbishment must have been 10 years ago ! ! ! We have stayed in many 4 star hotels in the world - some of which are through Priceline - and this is definitely the worst hotel of the lot . It is at best a 3 star standard , even with their so - called refurbishment ! I will not stayed in this hotel again and will not bid a 4 star hotel in Amsterdam through Priceline unless they downgrade the rating system of this hotel to a 3 star .
Great Stay at the Park Hotel . My husband and I have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel . We had one of the new refurbished executive double rooms on the 5th floor . While I was a little disappointed with the size of the room ( quite small ) and the view was to the back , the room itself was extremely clean and contemporary with a very comfortable king size bed . The bathroom was gorgeous with a rain shower ( brill ) . The location was also excellent just five minutes to the Liedlesplain and right beside VondelPark . We did n't eat at the hotel as it was quite expensive relative to what was closeby . The staff were very efficient and could n't have done enough for us . I would definitely return to this hotel .
Good but not the level of luxury expected . Stayed there on New Year 's Eve in a reward room so it was free . Room is on the small side ( smaller than most Sheraton standard rooms ) , but bed was very comfortable and bathroom luxurious . Hotel was built from combining many canal houses thus it felt like a maze navigating the property , but nonetheless fun . Room service is nice but not great . Room was in the middle of the houses so the window opened to nothing but view of the corridor outside . Rooms facing the canal may get much better view . Located close to tram stop and walking distance to Anne Frank Museum . 10 minutes tram ride from Amsterdam Centraal train terminal . 45 mins from airport by train . Would probably not stay here if were to pay for the room . ( advertised rate was 380 USD )
Would n't recommend it ! I stayed in this hotel at the end of January . On the plus side , the location is excellent and the staff are helpful . The downside is that the room we had was extremely small , dark and dingy - I asked if we could change rooms but the hotel was fully booked . I have also unfortunately managed to catch scabies which is highly unpleasant . I have stayed in many hotels and can say that this is the worst one ever - I would definitely not stay at this hotel again .
WHAT A LET DOWN ! I booked this hotel because of the good reviews it has on this sight and I ended up extremley dissapointed ! ! Yes the location is very good and yes the staff are friendly ( which you should expect at a hotel anyway ! ) , but the hotel is n't anything special . I had done my research before we arrived and i was expecting a small room and steep staircases . But the rooms are n't just small they are TINY . We had a room at the back of the hotel and you could actually stretch your arms out and touch the walls on each side . The bathroom was even smaller . I dont consider myself to be fussy but these rooms should n't be commissioned by the hotel as they are unbearable . I would have struggled to feel comfortable if i had stayed in the room alone because of the size , but with my boyfriend in there too we were constantly bumping into eachother . We couldnt be moved as the hotel was fully booked . We caught a glimpse of rooms at the front of the hotel when the maid was cleaning and they looked much bigger and much more comfortable so maby we were very unlucky . Advice for future guests AVOID ROOM 316 . Also a horrible smell kept wafting from the bathroom , like sewage / drains . It was like we could smell poo coming from the toilet when it had n't been used ! Not very nice . I would n't say that the hotel was particulaly clean either , the bin in our room was still full with the lasts guests rubbish when we arrived and the sheets looked as through they had been used since the 1970 ' s . The hotel smelled a bit musty , it was n't filthy but I think the standards could be improved . I would n't reccommend this hotel , and I would n't go again . Amsterdam on the other hand was brilliant and we will return .
Style over Substance . This was undoubtably the most disappointing , but not the worst , hotel I have ever visited . It touts its style and free bar but falls down on the basics . The rooms on the ground floor , we were lucky enough to catch two of them , are literally 2 metres from the pavement and three from the trams . Despite the double glazing there was far too much noise from both outside the hotel and inside from the reception area . The rooms themselves were constantly gloomy and the hotel does n't seem to be able to afford lighting above 25 watts . One room , 008 , is so small the wardrobe door only opens 45 degrees and the bathroom is so small you have to sit on the toilet sideways ! The water is constantly boiling and with cold water taps in the shower that slowly turn themselves off , it makes for interesting bath times . The breakfast is merely adequate , not what you expect at 210 euros per person per night . There is a free bar and 2 computer terminals that are free to use but that in no way makes up in the deficencies of this hotel . Most of the small team of staff are pleasant , the leas helpful being the Genaral Manager who showed no interest in offering an alternative room . If you have n't booked , don ' t , there are far better hotels in this price category , if we had n't paid in full before arrival we would have walked out , something I have only done once before in neraly 30 years of travelling on business and pleasure .
Nadia Hotel ; home from home . The Nadia Hotel is about the most friendly and comfortable place you can find . Osam the manager and his staff are always cheerful and the hotel , in a beautiful period building , is perfectly placed for access to the city centre . The rooms are small but with a canal view or a balcony it's perfect . We have stayed at the Nadia three times and at our last visit , when we arrived we had flowers in our room with a ' welcome home ' message . . That says it all ! We love the Nadia and you will not find a better deal in central Amsterdam .
Satisfactory , but disappointing . We booked a three - night stay using Starpoints , arriving December 30 , 2008 . We arrived around 6 p . m . and had to wait about 5 minutes to check in . I am a Starwood Platinum , and I was informed that no upgrades were available because the hotel was sold out for new years eve . We were assigned a lovely garden room , room 134 . The clerk did agree to include breakfast because an upgrade was not available . Later that evening , I checked the hotel 's website and saw that the hotel was not sold out . There were Deluxe , Classic , and Executive rooms available for a three - night stay starting December 30 . That was something of a disappointment . I can not imagine that any of those rooms would not have been an upgrade over room 134 . It was tiny . We could hear noises in the hallway , from the room above us , and from the heater . Also , the towels were ridiculously low quality for a hotel that is part of Starwood 's Luxury Collection . The positives were the exceptionally comfortable bed and the breakfast . The hotel also provides use of a business center free of charge . Overall , our stay was satisfactory . However , that 's not good enough for a hotel like the Pulitzer . Next time in Amsterdam , we will stay somewhere else .
Great on the Outside - Beware the Inside . Stayed here recently for 3 nights . Beautiful hotel on the outside . They have combined about 25 historic old buildings together to form a sprawling hotel with courtyards and gardens at the center . I am a Starwood Platinum member and checked in assuming I would be given my upgrade to the best available room ( this wording according to policies by Starwood ) . I had reserved a Deluxe room . They said they were upgrading me to an Executive Room because of my status . The room did n't appear to be any different than the room i had booked . Because these are old historic buildings , they are typically small rooms . I understand that , but when Starwood says you will be upgraded to the best available room and the hotel is not full , and it has junior suites available that are much bigger , and you have been given a small interior room with no real view , you begin to wonder . I stayed one night because I was jet lagged . But i called the duty manager the next night and asked for a larger room . At first he fed me some story about small rooms . I insisted and was about to call Starwood in the US ( that usually works , by the way ) and he said he would give me the junior suite . The manager acted like he was doing me a favor . But the back of my platinum card actually spells out the policies . They tried to just give me an upgrade to the next class of room , not the best class . BEWARE - if you are entitled to it and you dont make progress with the local manager , call Starwood Preferred Guest in the US . Other things to note : PROS : 2 free stroopfwaffles each day ; GREAT BEDS ! ( some of the most comfortable i have slept in ) good assortment of toiletries ; plenty of electrical outlets ( pet peeve when they dont have enough ) ; helpful concierge ; fashionable and good restaurant ; GREAT location for walking to everything ; BEAUTIFUL views on that canal , said to be one of the best in the city . CONS ( in addition to feedback shown above ) : expensive WiFi service ( 19 euros for 24 hours ) ; mold / mildew in the shower areas ( in both rooms i saw ) ; repeated requests for extra towels went ignored ; not very helpful valet . Other things to know : the large revolving front door is locked after midnight at some point - you need to press the green lighted button on the bellstand which then rings the night manager inside to let you in ; the cafe off the main lobby is expensive for coffee - plenty of local nice places on the 9 Streets which are literally on the next block down . concierge desk has plenty of umbrellas at their desk if you need to borrow one . lighting inside the rooms seemed a bit sparse if you like it bright . you can not put anything in most of the room refrigerators because they are the automated mini bars where if you take anythign out it bills you - - the junior suite had a small regular refrigerator though ; they have plenty of papers to choose from ; some bathrooms seemed to have heated marble floors - nice on a cold morning .
Look elsewhere ! We booked this hotel as a good deal was available on the internet and the location ( bang opposite Central Station ) was right . We found out why it was so cheap : it 's covered in tarpaulins and scaffolding , and it appeared ours was not one of the rooms that has already been done up . Small , dim , wonky headboard . The breakfast was obscenely overpriced at 20 Euros for a very poor buffet selection , and a mouse scurried across the breakfast room while we were eating . Yes , we did raise these concerns with the management and no , they did n't do anything . Good location and great city , but try another hotel !
This hotel could n't be more convienient . After reading the reviews of this hotel prior to arrival I had become a little worried about what I had booked . However , the expectation of some crumbling ruin were thankfully quashed when my wife and I walked into the hotel and then the room . The lobby was a really nice space to relax and the staff were very helpful , to us at least . Our room was located in the much maligned Garden Wing . The view out of the window of a wall is n't what most people would expect , but that did n't bother us at all , in fact we liked the privacy . The room we had was very spacious , warm and quiet , even though our room was right behind the elevator , and conveniently next to an ice machine . The bathroom was always kept clean and tidy by the room staff . The hot water supply was something else - scalding hot . Put it this way , there was no need to boil a kettle for a cup of coffee . Actually , no kettle had been supplied so the supply from the tap was our only hope of a morning coffee without spending a small fortune in the restaurant downstairs , or by going out to one of the many restaurants in the surrounding area . Additionally , the pressure of the water coming from the shower and the sink taps was enough to strip skin - great for washing out coffee cups ! I could not fault the shower experience . The television has BBC1 and 2 , BBC News 24 , MTV and VH1 along with some pay as you go movie channels and two adult channels . Some local Dutch channels were also thrown into the mix . A word of warning , however . The pay as you go channels would sometimes not be scrambled when I switched to them - a couple of the film channels were hardly ever scrambled . Whether this was a ploy by the hotel to secretly charge after a certain period of time of viewing , or whether it was a software glitch was one thing I did n't want to chance . They were asking 11 . 50 euros for a film channel and 13 . 50 for an adult channel per day . The hotel charges for their breakfast automatically - 20 euros per person per night . They took the charges off of my bill when I made it apparent that neither my wife or I had actually had any breakfast . I checked my bill every night via the television . I 'd say that this is one of the better hotels we 've stayed in , and we 've been in quite a few . The location was also great in that it is spitting distance from Centraal Station . Most trams and canal boats also converge at this point . These alone will take you to every corner of Amsterdam , and I have to say that Amsterdam 's public transport system is second to none . It was clean , friendly and always on time , even on Christmas day . Mike and Lynn ( Room 360 ) .
great location . . . poor hotel . 3 star at best view onto dam square
As good as the reviews say . We wo n't repeat the details in the previous reviews , but will just say that they are all true : this is a wonderful little hotel , absolutely spotlessly clean . Fine breakfast buffet . The location is spectacular , and the nearby # 2 and 5 streetcars will take you everywhere ( 7 - 8 minute ride to within 4 blocks of the Anne Frank House , for example ) ; we never waited more than 5 minutes for one . The Van Gogh museum is 75 yards away , and the Concertgebouw three blocks . The staff is extremely helpful and friendly . One earlier review carped about the small elevator : yes , it 's not large , but two people plus some luggage fit easily , and most hotels do n't have an elevator at all . Among the other amenities : free laundry service . Just an outstanding value , all around .
Excellent Location . We stayed at this hotel for our wedding anniversary . I booked two months in advance and requested a room with a view . We did not get a view unfortunately however we were upgraded to an executive room which was really great , lovely clean room with everything in that we might need - even bath robes and slippers ! The hallways smelt musty and the decor in the main part of the hotel does need updating . The bar prices and hotel restaurant are all quite expensive but then that is to be expected in a four star hotel in the centre of a european city . I think this hotel is supposed to be a five star but I do n't feel that it is . The facilities are really good but it is missing the luxury feel of a five star hotel . As other reviews have stated the hotel does need some redecoration and the bedding and curtains could do with a splash of colour . That said the room was really nice and clean , the staff friendly and helpful , the in room safe was free and there was also free tea / coffee in our room . All in all we had a great time here and would come again - that is when we have saved up enough ! ! ! ! ! ! !
SUPERB Hotel . I stayed in this hotel in January , there were 7 of us on the trip . The location was super and so was the hotel , I had a room overlooking the canal which was good , one had a room with windows very high so no view BUT they had a sauna in their bathroom , . The reception staff were very helpful to us and the FREE snacks and drinks were great , especially when you had been out walking all day . The rooms are small , the beds are comfy and the bathrooms great , The choice of pillows was great as I have a bad back and need good support . The only downside was the air con , a bit noisy , but switch it off and open a window instead . We ALL had a great time and the Hotel was GREAT . Would DEFINITELY stay THERE AGAIN
reserve in advance and stay for 5 days ! Imagine that you want to make reservations for 3 nights in a hotel and you check availablity 4 months ahead . The hotel tells you that bookings can only be made 2 months in advance , so you go back 2 months before your scheduled arrival date . Quess what ? Fully booked ! ! Oh yeah they forgot to tell that bookings in excess of 4 days can be made anytime of the year . . . How would you feel ? The hotel where this happened ? Right : The seven bridge hotel .
The best in Amsterdam ! The hotel itself lies along a grand canal in a beautiful and historic Amsterdam neighborhood . Everything about it is five stars . . . service , elegant and comfortable rooms , food , etc , etc . . . My husband and I went for a romantic weekend and are already getting ready to book again for the holiday season ! Perfection !
Great location , staff and room . I was only there for one night before flying back to the states but after seeing the location ( not too far from the Central Station but not too close ) , the room and being greeted by the friendly staff , I wanted to stay longer ! I had a view of the canal from my good - sized room ( as opposed to many European rooms that are rather cramped ) . There 's a charming library on the ground floor to watch the world go by while having tea . I 've stayed in a number of hotels in A ' dam but I 'll be going back to Estherea from now on .
Very Nice Small Hotel . This is a 16 room hotel on a quiet street in the museum district . It is run by a friendly couple , Hans and Loes de Rapper . The location is convenient for both walkers and those using public transportation . Energetic travelers with not too much luggage can get a tram ( 2 or 5 ) outside the train station and be at the hotel within about 10 minutes . Too far to walk with any luggage . The tram will deposit you within one block of the hotel ( at the stop just opposite the Van Gogh museum ) . Taxi 's are available , but pricey . Our room was up two flights of fairly steep stairs , typical of other hotels in Europe . A lift is available . The room was clean and very adequate , not too small . Comfortable bed . The bath was modern and well equipped ( hair dryer , soap dispenser , etc . ) The breakfast buffet , included in the room rate , was excellent . This hotel was chosen after much research on this and other websites , both for its reasonable rate and location . We would definitely stay here again . An added bonus : discount tickets to some attractions are available at the hotel . Bill and Donna Anderson , Valley Center , CA , USA
Great hotel , fantastic location . We stayed in this hotel from 22nd - 24th June and to be honest i dont think we could have chosen a better place . Not just because of the rooms but also because of the location . To be honest when you are away you only spend a few hours in teh hotel and to sleep there . The hotel is located right next to dam square on the main road ( DAMRAK ) to the centraal station . It is about a 10 minute walk ( with luggage ) from the station . To get to the station from teh airport is 7.60 euos ( from a machine ) or 8.60 from the counter and takes about 15 / 20 mins . So from the airport you can be in your hotel room in about 30 mins with no hassles at all . The hotel itself was clean and new and had everything that you would want from a stay there . We had a king sized bed , TV with uk channels and satelite channels , coffee machine and a nice bathroom . Our bedroom was on the side of the hotel ( not facing the main road ) however there was good double glazed windows and we didnt get any noise at all . If you had a road facing room you may get noise but couldnt say for sure . We didnt get breakfast included and for 20 euros there are cheaper places around . All in all a great place to stay and the location could n't be better .
Cheerful welcome and a nice stay . My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Fita for one night on a weekend trip to Amsterdam to see Boom Chicago . I had read some favorable reviews online and found that the hotel was very close to the Leidseplein where the theatre is located . The young woman who checked us in was friendly and cheerful . She immediately announced that we were getting an upgrade to the largest ( A ) type room in the hotel . ( It was probably because the hotel was not full , but we thought it was a very nice gesture ! ) After we settled in our room , she appeared with 2 glasses of champagne . A very nice start to our weekend in Amsterdam . The room was very clean , nicely decorated , with a large spotless bathroom . When we returned to the hotel that night , our room key card opened the front door to the lobby . Breakfast was quite nice , but not as elaborate and extensive as what had been described in other reviews . It was fine , though , again with pleasant service . I have already recommended the Hotel Fita to a friend , and we will definitely return the next time we take trip to Amsterdam .
Grand Disaster . A friend and I stayed here in late July / Early August 2007 . How , why and where this hotel gets its reputation for being a Grand Hotel is beyond me . The carpets are stained and smell through out the hotel - and smell of must and damp . The Bedroom was a kin to something you might find in a 2 star hotel in London with old chipped furniture and the saloon style swing - door on the bathroom was cheap beyond belief . My friend found a small cockroach in the closet as we were leaving - which is just as well as had we known about them our stay would have been far more unpleasant than it already was . All in all , a shabby hotel resting on a reputation undoubtably earned many decades ago . Avoid .
return every year . We have stayed here 3 times over the last 3 Christmases and enjoyed each stay in 3 totally different rooms . Love the location , easy to walk to anywhere and close to some wonderful restaurants and bars . Bar in the hotel is expensive but what hotel bar is n't ? and we have paid more for a drink in the Waldorf Astoria New York . . . . I smoke so I ca n't say that the cigarette smoking bothered me , however , I do think that if you are particularly anti - smoking then Amsterdam ( and similarly Prague ) are not the cities for you , there are many , many other cities you can go to in this world where it is banned totally .
In a word - pants ! ( ie This hotel is crap ) I stayed at this hotel on business - it is one of 2 hotels in Amsterdam my company recommends / requires us to stay in due to a global contract . All I can say is this must be easy money for them as they are not working hard to maintain their relationship with the large multinational I work for . . . . I came to Holland to attend a training course and I planned to spend 1 night in Amsterdam . I travelled from Asia so was looking for a nice clean place to rest and enjoy Amsterdam for the day if I felt up to it . All they had left when I booked 2 weeks ahead was an executive room for 250euros which seemed reasonable for the central location . When I arrived at the hotel at 8am on the Saturday I was advised that the exec room was not yet available but I could upgrade to a suite for 20Euros . This sounded good to me as I was keen to settle in after my long flight . I was provided with a key and given some directions to the room , this was in the older part of the hotel and involved several turns and descents of stairs before finally arriving at the ' suite ' which was located at the bottom of a steep flight of stairs . On opening the door I was greeted by a stong smell of old carpets and I was not impressed with the condition of the rooms - the suite was dark and dingy and was at street level - facing one of the busiest streets in Amsterdam . Considering the depressing ambiance and lack of freshness of the room I decided to complain . I had read on a few websites that some of the rooms had not been refurbished and were of a much lower standard than the rest and this seemed to be one of them . The hotel staff were not helpful when I complained and they maintained that this room had recently been refurbished . After some discussion it turned out there are 2 areas of the hotel the new part is the garden wing , I was in the older part . After some persistence they offered to show me to another suite . This time a porter took me to the room and it was an improvement the first - brighter and on a higher floor so I agreed to move to it . After I had settled in I decided to have a shower and at this point I discovered there was a used towel hanging on the back of the door , nearby I also later discovered 2 large pieces of broken glass ( from a tumbler ) on the floor which I could have easily have stepped on . During the rest of my stay I also noted peeling wallpaper in some areas and in others the walls were covered with pencil scribbles - the room was better than the first but was still pretty tired looking . So in summary I found this hotel very disappointing for the 270Euros I spent on it . I find it amazing that this is one of only 2 hotels in Amsterdam city that my company has selected . When travelling all I 'm looking for is a reasonable sized , clean room in a central part of the city and this hotel only has the central box ticked in my book . I do not believe my experience is atypical considering the ' relaxed ' attitude of the staff - to be honest they were pretty rude .
Got Euros Read On . In planning a 5 day trip to Amsterdam , our main hotel could only accomdate us for 4 nights , so out of last minute planning we could find a room at the Park Hotel . Well got a nice room : very modern , sleek , and comfortable . And then the troubles began : 1 ) . Temperature : the room became very cold and there was no way to turn up the heat . So , an hour later , the staff provided us with a space heater that warmed the room . 2 ) . Leaky shower : the shower had a glass partition from the toilet that let water leak onto the floor . We had to use 5 - 6 towels to mop up the mess . 3 ) . Sewer Stench : for some reason , we notice a foulstench in the bathroom that began in the morning . Did not dare determine if it was coming from the toilet or shower . In summary , this was not what we expected for the $ 300 price .
Dissapointed . I have just returned from spending 3 nights at the Park Hotel in Amsterdam ( 4* ) . As many people have said the location is decent - not too far outside the main attraction , but then again not too close to hear noise etc . We turned up hoping for a lovely modern room as the website suggests but when entering our room , it was pretty dated and not at all modern . We also had a few problems with the room . I had to complain about the iron / trouser press that was hanging off the wall , eventually it fell off missing my foot by inches . This was n't helped by the light not working directly above it . The next morning we received a letter to apologise for the inconvenience and everything was fixed but in fact the light was dangling dangerously from the ceiling and the iron / press was in the same condition ! ! Joke ! I nearly fell off my bar stool when I ordered 2 ameretto and cokes when we were charged 20 Euros ! ! We did n't order from there again ! ! Room service was no good - they state a 24 hour service but that is only for a few items - even then you get charged extra ! ! Brekkie cost a fortune also - 5 Euros for a bit of bacon and some eggs ! ! No chance ! ! The bathroom was fine - no complaints about that , shower was quality but then again the curtain and the rail fell down once when I was having a shower ! ! The customer service was pretty poor - upon checking out they mixed my bill up with another persons and they could n't give us our receipts cos she was doing too many things at once and got them muddled up in between answering 4 phone calls ! ! This may sound very moany but all is true . Book very carefully and read through all these comments ! ! !
5th Stay at Nadia . This was the 5th time I have stayed at the Nadia Hotel , friendly staff , great central location for atttractions and lovely fresh flowers at the breakfast tables . The breakfast room can get a bit snug in the morning when the hotel is full and the rooms are a bit small with quite narrow beds , but this adds to the quaintness of the place . Over all a great little place - no doubt I will be back for my 6th visit !
Nadia Never Again , Not Even for Free . I stayed her for 3 nights and apart from a central location and a cheap price I ended up with scabies for months . Beware as it seems to me it is infested by bugs . Also apart from having a fridge and tv the bathroom was basically a shower with a toilet in it . The manager seemed extremly rude , unfriendly and I would not recomend staying there unless you want to suffer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
great little hotel . this little hotel is great . first of all it has a great location just off the Dam square . right under this hotel , ( as many are actually upstairs there ) is shopping and a few good places to eat ! When you first arrive there is a buzzer door you smile into the camera and they buzz the door open for you . in you go and the craziest stairs are right in front of you to the hotel level on the second floor . when you are arriving they send someone down to greet you and carry your baggage up for you as there is no elevator . up the stairs is the front desk with a humorous and very helpful staff . Of all the hotels i have stayed at in amsterdam , this one has had the best service . of course the rooms are tiny , but who needs them while in this cool city . they were clean and comfy and i had a canal view room with a spacious balcony for two or three even with chairs . More about the location , it is only five minutes walk to the dam square which is great since we were there for new years . it lies i believe west of the dam for your info and in a good area too ! they practice the notion of keeping your room key for you when you go out so no worry of losing it since you probably wont remember much any way !
Very Nice Hotel . This is very nice hotel that exceeded our expectations . We had a spacious room ( # 507 ) that faced the canal , it really could n't have been nicer . We especially liked the free coffee and snacks in the lobby . The staff was always helpful and went above and beyond . I asked for simple directions for driving and the staff member got online and printed out mapquest directions for me , very nice ! One important item that is not mentioned on their website is that a trolly runs close by from the central train station . If you take the train from the Airport ( very easy ) , you get off at Central Station and catch the # 2 trolly . This will take you steps from the hotel . We tried to get a taxi from the train station and they wanted to double the price because it was n't that far of a drive . Only because we did n't know about the trolly at that time .
Very good , but not four star great . Stayed here for five days starting August 19th . Loved the friendly staff , great breakfast and location . The free mini bar is ok but does n't really offset the musty room that stank of cigarette smoke , the dirty chairs in the lobby , and the not quite sparkling clean bathroom . Although the Banks claims four star status , this is a three star hotel at best .
Great location . Staying at the Hotel Nadia was a great experience for us . The staff could n't be more accomodating - they will insist on making the check in and check out process easy . There are steep stairs up to the check in desk , but for a true Netherlands experience , the steep stairs are worth it . The breakfast is mostly bread , coffee , and juice , but it 's presented well and the breakfast room was clean . The bedroom was clean as was the bath . One of the best things about the hotel is the security - there is a buzzer to get in and the front desk is manned 24 hours . The hotel is ideally located with a great view of Westerkirk church and within easy walking distance to some worthwhile stops such as the Anne Frank House the Theater museum .
Non smokers beware ! I went to Amsterdam for the first time with my spouse last weekend . We stayed at the Estheria for 2 nights in a deluxe room ( room # 114 ) . At first we were very satisfied by the hotel because it is beautiful , our room was large , clean , well decorated , and had a nice view on the canal , and the staff made a good impression on us . The first problem arose on the first night : our room was on the first floor and we were disturbed around 1 a.m by a group of people talking loudly right under our windows , probably waiting for some friends on the doorstep of the hotel . Apparently , nothing special has been done for ( external ) noise insulation . However it only last 15 minutes and thus was a minor problem . Note that we could not hear any noise coming from other rooms . The second problem was of much greater importance . We asked for a non - smoking room , as usual , because we are , though french , very sensitive ( negatively ) to cigarette smoke . The room was indeed non - smoking , and nobody had smoked in our room , but the room in front of ours ( room # 115 ) was a smoking room . And the guests in room # 115 , in their right , were unfortunately smoking a lot . Our room was invaded by smoke all night and we had to sleep with an open window in spite of the outside temperature ( I would say around - 5 C ) . At the reception , after checking the corridor , they admitted that there was indeed a lot of smoke but could not do anything because room # 115 was a smoking room and the hotel was full ( so that they could not give us another room ) . We thus spent a terrible second night in that hotel . We however appreciated the breakfast ( non smoking area ) . Note that it is not included in the room price ( extra 14 EUR per person ) . Note also that the hotel has no restaurant but that there are plenty right next to it . I did not ask for any discount ( not my style , at least with my wife standing next to me : C ) , but when I checked out , they did not ask me whether I had enjoyed my stay , they did not apologize , and did not offer any kind of compensation . Apart from that , Amsterdam is a beautiful city and we had a wonderful time wandering in its streets and visiting a few of its museums .
Wasnt that bad . Arrived from the station , to find hotel in a GREAT position , right over the road , no problems checking in the lady on reception was polite and helpful , as were all the other staff , our room was on the fifth floor , both room and bathroom were clean . Great shower ! ! The view was distracted with building work , but with no fault of the hotel . Didnt get chance to use the leisure facilities , but did go for a quick look and if we had stayed longer would have tried out . Loved our first visit to amsterdam and will come again and would stay back at this hotel . Would recommend the ice bar too to any future visitors , tho it was smaller than we thought , but then it wasnt too busy so didnt bother us .
Sheraton Pulitzer 4* but not 5 . We just stay in Amsterdam this week end . It was my 5th visit in Amsterdam but my frist stay at the Pulitzer . Thanks I got a special price endless week end wich make the price for the room at 215 Euros the night . It was a Deluxe room ( normal rate 450 Euros ) . Thanks I did not have to pay this price ! ! room was OK but the bathroom is so tiny that 2 people could not move . No hairdryer ! ! ! I you want a canal view they charge you 30 Euros per night ( which was not mentioned in the Starwood hotel reservation ) . Anyway . Location is nice , bar is nice , staff friendly but I 'd rather put my money in another hotel next time . However , people should know that the rating in Amsterdam is different . I have experienced Renaissance Amsterdam and I was very disappointed .
Nothing Special . We stayed at the Victoria hotel for a weekend for a friend 's 40th birthday . No doubt the hotel is in an amazing location if visiting for a weekend . The staff were very friendly and the concierge helped with directions and places to go on the first night we arrived . The rooms however were not up to four star standard . I know some reviews mentioned renovations but our rooms did not reflect this - the carpet was worn so too was the furniture - the beds were old and uncomfortable and there was mould in the bathroom . Apart from the mould the room was clean . We did not eat breakfast - there are plenty of places just outside the hotel that serve breakfast till late and 20 euros is pretty steep ! We got a deal on Expedia so paid about 100 per room per night - for the state of the room it is overpriced even at our discount rate . If I visited again I would stay outside of the centre - the hotels are better value and Amnsterdam is not a big place and most places can be travelled to by foot .
Very central location . Just got back from 4 nights in Amsterdam and stayed at the Grand Krasnapolsky . We had no problems and no complaints . front desk was helpful , check - in was quick , room was clean and comfortable . If you are going to Amsterdam to see the sights and can walk , this is a great central location . . . less than 10 minute walk from Central Station , many restaurants within walking distance , and always a lot going on right outside in Dam Square to people watch . If you want a lot of quiet though , it can be a noisy area at night
Good budget hotel and friendly staff . The Nadia , is a good budget hotel . Ignore the bad comments from other people - they clearly only make complaints and would not dream of writing a good report . As other reviewers have said , the rooms are small , which is the norm in Europe . The manager and staff are great and friendly and most importantly the hotel is clean . If you plan on sitting in your room for most of your stay while in Amsterdam then stay elsewhere , but if you want a good , clean hotel to be used as a place to sleep / base while exploring the city then you ca n't go wrong with the Nadia . My only criticism is that the bathrooms were a bit too small but again it did the job .
Fabulous hotel ! Another view from my room
Tired hotel with overpriced dining . The lobby can be total chaos - counter staff , lots of them , seem to take forever to get things done . You jockey for position with other guests to be served next . They smile and all that behind the counter but are not forthcoming with any information you might need . We stayed in the royal wing which was defintely not royal . you actually have to leave the building and cross a breezeway / lane into the royal wing . The room itself - ooh you have a deluxe room is how the counter staff termed it - was n't deluxe . Clean , but jaded is the best way to describe the room . Bed killed my back , way too soft . They have a gorgeous looking restaurant and wintergarten but alas so expensive ( 28euro breakfast ) they sit quietly empty . Staff did n't want to give me change for 50euros for the airport shuttle bus - not the treatment you 'd expect from a 5 star .
Good location , ugly rooms . Location of this hotel is excellent , right in front of the Royal Palace . But that 's basically it . First of all I have to say that we won this hotel with Priceline at around $ 160 / night ( not exactly cheap , considering we won much better hotels in Germany for less than half that price ) This is important because it seems that they have very different room levels . This is understandable and I 'm aware that when I book with Priceline I might receive the worse rooms of the hotels I win . The problem is that this facility is officially a 5 - star rating hotel , but the rooms they give to Priceline users are much worse than what you 'd expect in a 3 star hotel . The first room they gave us was officially a non - smoking room , but it smelled like a cigar lounge . I complained and was given another room , just a few doors down . This time it did not smell , but - as the first one - it was simply ugly : small , dirty , rundown and with a horrible bathroom . Suffice it to say that it does not even have a real door , just a couple of saloon - like shutters . Not only it looked old and dirty , it was also one of the smallest bathrooms I 've ever seen . When you check - in , be aware that if you are given a room in the back of the hotel , reachable through elevator # 5 , you are going to have a terrible experience . On the other hand , the public spaces of the hotel are very nice , although they too look pretty old , and would need a renovation . The Winter Garden where the breakfast buffet is prepared is very nice , although I 'm not sure the buffet itself is worth the high price . If you do n't want to spend that much , there are a few places that sell bread , croissants and rolls just a few meters from the hotel ( especially on Damrak ) . Otherwise the department store that is just outside the hotel ( on the right , looking at the Royal Palace ) has a nice cafeteria . Also , if you arrive in Amsterdam by car , be prepared to spend an arm and a leg for parking : we parked at the Krasnapolsky 's garage and we paid EUR 47 . 50 ( ~ $ 75 ) per night ! This hotel might be a 5 - star when paying full price and given the best rooms , but it hardly clinches 3 - stars level when given ' Priceline rooms ' . I would not stay here again .
Nice Stay . . . Tourist - Trap Pricing Great location and helpful staff that provided tram schedule and directions . Wonderful location right by Museumplein and swanky retailers . . . Leidseplein is just a short walk away . You 'll pay for the location , especially if it 's summertime , but worth it .
Over rated and over priced . This hotel was terrible . I ca n't believe it is rated 4 stars ! Our room was old and dingy with nasty carpeting and broken down stained furniture . We were in a newer wing of the hotel that was probably built in the ' 60 's or ' 70 ' s but this room would be what you expect in a $ 50 a night motel in the US . Maybe the old wing is nicer ? Besides the quality of the room , the staff was not friendly or helpful . The common areas were packed with attendees at two different conferences that were being held there as well as a number of tour groups that were being dropped off by bus . I assume these groups were getting BIG discounts compared to the $ 249 euro I was paying . The only thing good about this hotel was the location .
Bad . We thought great hotel when we booked this via there website . We went 29th May to 31st May . This was our 4th Trip to the great city . When we got there . NOT a nice hotel at all . Our room was meant to be a superior room . It was small and dusty , not clean at all . We complained to the check in desk . The woman was rude and not helpful . When we did get help , they offered a suite for an extra 20 Euros a night . We looked at the suite , the room walls had kids drawing marks over then , it too was unclean , it had no view . Not worth any extra money . The problem was we had already paid , so had no choice to stay . Only 2 nights . The porter etc , did n't help us with our bags . Despite my girlfriend being disabled . All in all a very disappointed hotel .
Poor value , run - down , breakfast is not great value . Staff were friendly just do n't ask them for a restaurant recommendation , they gave us some very bad choices , obviously some staff were on kick backs from some of the local restaurants . The room are very quiet and clean , but they were run - down . We stayed in the green wing , where the carpet and furniture in the room was very worn . Breakfast was very poor and certainly is not good value for money , I 'd recommend that you avoid it altogether and get it in a local cafe .
Friendly staff , but . . . . . My family and I booked three seperate rooms in the new wing . When we arrived , we were told that section was for some reason closed and we were booked into the older section of the hotel . The rooms were extremely small and cramped and the beds very low to the ground and smaller than a normal twin sized bed . The pillows were lumpy and uncomfortable . On the plus side , the hotel staff were all very very friendly , the location was excellent and the breakfast buffet outstanding .
Three star at best . My daughter and I just returned from a four night stay at the Pulitzer and were very disappointed . I had searched for a good hotel at a rate of up to $ 300 a day and after much research decided on the Pulitzer . Big mistake . Our room was tiny , and the bath was small too . The public areas were somewhat dingy and showed a lot of signs of hard wear . Even the bath towels were worn and becoming stringy . Speaking of such , the maid did not replace shampoo , conditioner , etc , after the second night . You had to put a sign on the bed if you wanted your sheets changed , and put your used towels in the tub if you wanted fresh ones . The minibar was one of the kind that you have ten seconds to replace a drink , otherwise it is automatically charged to your room . There was a charge of about $ 5.00 to access the ATT operator from your room . The front desk staff were pleasant , but the concierges seemed about to scream if one more person asked them the same questions ( that is even after a decent tip ) . We saw a lot of tour groups in the hotel and that might have effected the staff attitude . The breakfast buffet was fine , if it is included in your room cost . Otherwise for 20 Euros , you could do much better at one of the nearby coffee shops . As has been mentioned in other reviews , the location of the Pulitzer is excellent , and in easy walking distance of many attractions . Amsterdam is a great walking city , so unless you are out of the Centrum , you should be O . K . , that is , if walking is not burdensome . In summary , I would not spend the money to stay at the Sheraton Pulitzer , and would hope that this is not typical of Starwood luxury properties .
Nadia Hotel . . . . Love or Leave it ? I 've traveled throughout Europe quite a bit and stayed at several different hotels . I know that most older hotels in Europe are not as big as what we 're accustomed to in the States , and prepare myself for this ahead of time . The Bad Stuff - The photos used on Nadia 's website are very misleading . A panaromic view is shown which gives the viewer an illusion that the rooms are bigger . We had a triple room with a balcony . The room was ridiculously small ! Two people would 've fit comfortably in this room . The bathroom / shower was a joke ! The shower leaked throughout the bathroom which made the situation even worse . If you 're not young in decent health , I would leave this hotel alone because of the most treacherous stairs ! The Good Points - The hotel staff is most delightful ! They were all very eager to help gave us great advice . Although they were pleasant it 's still not enough for me to go back . The balcony was fabulous . As far as the location , it was great . Not far from Dam Square the Red Light District . The price was fair considering what we lived with for 4 days . If you do n't mind being in small spaces , climbing like 80 stairs sleeping on a rock hard bed with matching pillow , then this is the place for you .
A Very Pleasant Stay . My family and I had a nice and trouble free 4 night stay at the Pulitzer . We found the service generally warm and friendly and the atmosphere casual and relaxed . We had booked an Executive Double and were a bit disappointed to learn at check - in that they would not upgrade our room . My husband and I are BOTH Starwood Gold members , and had been told when we made our reservation that we would be upgraded to a suite if one was available . Alas , the European Starwood properties seem to run their preferred guest program very differently than here in the US , and we did n't get our upgrade . . . . Rooms Nice Enough But no matter . Our Executive Double on the 3rd floor , though small by US standards , had large windows overlooking the center garden and was nice and quiet . The bathroom , though tiny , was well equipped and luxurious . The only real disappointment was a rather lumpy mattress . . . . Family - Friendly As a couple with a young child ( toddler ) in tow , we appreciated the ample and uncrowded public spaces more than the room itself . There are several interconnected outdoor spaces as well as a few indoor sitting areas , all of which felt casual and welcoming . . . . Food The food was expensive but reasonably good . We had breakfast at Pulitzer 's every day during our stay and found the service pleasant and efficient . We broke down and ordered room service one night upon a particularly late return home from sightseeing . The service was quick and the food was tasty . Bottom Line : Refined , yet casual atmosphere with great service and nice location . I would recommend the Pulitzer to others and would stay there again myself .
Seven Bridges ; good but not that special . I booked this hotel well in advance since everywhere else seemed full up and the reviews were so good . We asked for one of the back rooms at cheaper rate ( 110 euros for double b and b ) for three nights . It was easy to find ; we took the train from the airport ( ticket machines do n't take cash and would n't accept our cash cards so we should have just queued at the counter ) . And then straight out to the trams and on to a number 4 ( bought the tickets on board , asked for Prinsengraght ) . From the stop it was a short walk to Seven Bridges . The reception was v efficient and we were directed straight to our room on the ground floor at the back ( Number 4 I think ) . The room was very pleasant with large open windows looking out on to a tree filled back garden / yard ( no view ) . The bed was v comfortable with lovely cotton sheets and pillows . The shower room was fine , soft towels etc . The other reviews rave about this place ; we thought it was a great location and an ok hotel . It actually felt quite impersonal and I do n't think we saw any other residents although it was full . It was difficult to get a conversation from the receptionist ; i guess it is just a quiet reserved place . You could choose your breakfast time from 8 to 9am . I thought this was a bit tight since the only thing which would actually need preparing was the tea or coffee ( they could have sorted the trays at 7am and been a bit more flexible for us lazy late starters ) . I know they started preparing at 7am since our room backed on to the kitchen and they woke me up each morning making a load of noise . Would have commented on this to the staff but was n't asked if I had enjoyed my stay so tdid n't bother mentioning it . The breakfast was lovely fresh croissant , orange juice , breads and hams and cheese . On the first day we has yoghurt too but did n't eat it and never got any more ! Ermm I would say that this a nice safe clean functional hotel ( well , more of a b and b really ) in a good location but it 's not cheap and it is n't quite as special as the other reviewers try to make out . Having said that we had a great stay and enjoyed coming and going from the hotel with no hassle .
Much Better than Expected . My husband and I stayed at this hotel in mid August . I was pleasantly surprised . This is a 2 star hotel ? It is nicer than 3 star hotels I stayed in previously . The room was beautiful . We got a room with a view of the canal . Beautiful bathroom . The lobby is exquisite . Having all day access to a hot drink and a cookie or a fruit . Really nice touch . A quick walk from DAM Square and then all the other action . The staff was great . My advice . . . do n't stay anywhere else - this is truly great value for the money .
A good choice for Amsterdam . In a city of tiny hotel rooms at large prices , this hotel is a good bet . The rooms are not huge but they are Ok sized and comfortable and the have good sized bathrooms and the rooms have everything you need . This is part of the Raffles group and it is sad that their Asian hotels offer so much more for the same price . . . . But Swisshotel is a good choice in Amsterdam . The concierge is pleasant but not particularly knowledgeable .
excellent location . Just spent 3 nights at this hotel 5th March 04 - 8th March 04 . The location is excellent and the hotel is very grand . I was a little disappointed with the room consideraing the rate it was small and nothing special , but very clean and confortable beds . The worse thing was the noise from the room above , my husband and I were on the third floor the people staying above on the 4th could have been in the room with us . You could hear their voices quite plain and every footstep , at 4am I was not amused having had no sleep from 1am . I would stay there again but would make sure I was on the top floor .
Not so inviting Estherea . Stayed here for two nights . I have been to Amsterdam several times but i found it difficult to find at first and a bit isolated on the way back in the evening . When we checked in i had forgotten my visa card so i paid cash up front . . . no problem but the guy at the front desk was rude beyond believe . He demanded 250 euro deposit per night and for me thats alot when you are only on a weekend break and it was unexpected . I had to give him 400 euro in the end . This left us with very little cash . When we were shown to our room , it was tiny , really small . The end of the bed was 1 foot from the wall and there was less than a foot either side of the room . We thought there was no bathroom and when we opened the door to what we thought was a wardrobe it was actually a toilet and tiny bath . When you closed the toilet door there was a 4inch gap really nice . I spoke to the front desk and they said they would change rooms the next day and to be fair they did give us a nice room at the top of the house . I did not enjoy this hotel at all i found the staff rude and unhelpful and the facilates poor . Watch what room you get i did request and pay for a deluxe to start with however there idea of deluxe is a view of the canal . This hotel is not worthy of a four star more basic 3 star
Great Location . Just got back from a 5 night stay at the Swissotel . We picked this hotel because other reviewers said it was in a convenient location , and it was . We stayed in a standard room because we knew we were going to be out most of the day anyway . The room was decent ; just do n't expect any views out the window . However , it was very quiet though , which was a plus . In addition , we were able to check in at 11am after a long flight from NY . Overall , we would definitely stay here again .
Great location , lovely room , nightmare receptionist . Why hotels allow front of house staff to spoil a stay before it has even started is beyond me . We booked an executive room on the hotels own website for 2 adults and 1 child , selected double bed as opposed to 2 singles with an extra bed in the room . When we arrived the hotel was overbooked and we were given a twin room . We refused to accept it and were flatly told that the hotel did not have any double executive rooms with space for an extra bed to be added at all , ever . We stood our ground refusing to accept that the website would allow us to book such a room if they did not exist in the hotel . After much huffing and puffing we were given the room that did not exist ( spooky ) and very nice it was too . The room was faultless with a lovely bathroom . At the risk of sounding picky I must just mention that the free mineral water advertised on the website and in the hotel brochure is 6 euros so not sure how that is free ! If you can get past the receptionists and get the room you booked I think you will be hard pushed to find fault with this hotel .
Unusual Room Design . Superior Room
Not a great place to stay . We stayed in this hotel for one night and wished that we had stayed elswhere . First , the hotel tells you they have parking . They do not . You have to use public parking that is three blocks away and costs 50 Euros a night . The Victoria is also broken up into the original hotel and the old rundown hotel they purchased next door . They do not tell you you may have to stay in this hotel . It is the classsic bait and switch . The carpets are stained and filthy . The rooms are okay but not too clean either and the room internet rates are high even for western Europe . In addition , the breakfast is expensive for a poor and limited quality buffet . When we spoke to the manager about the problems of the hotel he said he was sorry . We told him we booked our room in the Victoria not at the hotel they purchased next door . He said that most people liked staying in the add - on hotel next door . We found this hard to believe especially considering the awful condition of this old and inferior add - on hotel . Guests should know all of these facts before choosing to book this hotel . We wo n't stay at this hotel in the future .
Dude , it was perfect . Stayed there for 4 nights at the end of Sep 04 ' . It was perfect . There is a tram stop right in front of the place . The location was perfect , tons of restaurants , bars , coffeeshops , etc . around the corner . Not only did you need a room key to get into the hotel , you also needed a room key to use the elevator ( great security ) . The staff was great too . At 4am our mini - bar was empty and the front desk brought up a 12 pack of Heineken upon our request . Red Light District was about 4 blocks away yet the hotel is in a major square that was extremely safe . There is also an ATM machine right outside the door of the hotel . My buddy bought an $ 800 watch from the jewelry store inside the hotel . The whole place was classy and affordable . Just an FYI - you 'll pay more for an Orange Juice than you will a beer in Amsterdam .
Not good ! We stayed here for 5 nights over easter and I wish we had stayed at home . The rooms are very very small . You could shower while sat on the toilet . Compact is an understatement . Cleaniness also seems to be lacking . In fact we changed rooms as in the first room I awoke to be COVERED in flea bites , disgusting , Second room was better . It was at the front of the hotel . Still very small and not practical bathroom . Not for us I 'm afraid .
Absolutely Awful - be warned ! What a complete disaster ! We went to Amsterdam for the weekend on the 7th of July 2007 . My friend had been there before and had recommended it . He was soon wishing he hadnt ! Our initial problem happened when it came to check in . We arrived at 1 . 30pm and went to reception to check in . We were told that our room would not be available until 3pm . We didnt think that was a major problem , so we went off for a stroll around the city centre until it was ready . We came back to the hotel at 3 . 30pm ( thinking we had given them enough time ) - but apparently we had n't . We were told to come back at 5pm . No major hassle , we went off again and came back at 5 . 30pm and when we went to reception again we were told that the room was n't ready . Each time we were queuing at reception to talk to someone , we were made wait at least 15 mins on each occasion . There was around 4 people in the queue ahead of us and everyone was fuming at the amount of time it took to deal with queries . . . there was one elderly couple at the desk and they were freaking at the service that they were being given . Sloppy service , thats the only way to describe it . The management of the hotel do n't seem to be intestered in having smooth check in / out processes - because of the length of time it was taking to complete tasks that other hotels seems to complete in seconds . Whats all the drama for ? The room itself was just ordinary , a little bit too ordinary for the prices we were paying . When I had a shower , water was appearing on the floor in the bedroom ! The hotel lobby smelt of old carpet , it was a bit run down . If you get to go there , have a look at the canopy outside the main entrance , its patched up with sellotape ! ! I really pity the staff who are working there , cause they are working for an organisation who dont put the customers first - all they want is your money . You are going to be disappointed in this hotel , so save yourself the hassle by staying somewhere else . Its not worth it .
It 's the little extras that make them stand out ! I have stayed in cheaper or similar priced hotels which to all appearances compared with The Hotel Fita . However it 's the little extras that they offer that makes them stand out . The staff were polite , friendly and helpful . We arrived two hours before normal check in but the staff priortised the preperartion of our room and had it ready for us within the time it took us to pop out and get some breakfast . They made us feel welcome bringing us a drink and some nuts to nibble on when we checked in . The hotel offers free phone calls which saved us paying outrageous hotel call charges or the grind of finding a phone to call home and check on our son , ( I had n't realised how much easier this made life ! ) The breakfasts were really good , plenty of choice with eggs and bacon , croissants cooked meats etc . They are happy to do your laundry free of charge and when we checked out we were given some home made jam a fridge magnet of the hotel and some sweets in a little gift pack . I was really taken with the place and will definately go back and also recommend it to friends .
Very nice stay , Friendly staff , friendly owners . The breakfast was great in the morning , more varied and larger than many other options . I was running the Half - Marathon and found the location near enough to the Stadium to walk , but also near enough to the central sights to also walk downtown as well . so I did a lot of walking in addition to running the race . Nevertheless , some key tram lines also seemed to be within a few blocks , as were places like Concertbouw , Van Gogh and Leidesplein . Voendelpark is also within a few blocks . The room was as I pictured it , with a large , clean bathroom . The owners were willing to be accomodating when I said I might have to leave early for family reasons and then was able to stay . I appreciated the flexibility as I 'd been in Africa and out of touch of some things , so was in a bit of a flux the first few days . Free international calls were an unexpected surprise and the internet access helped me stay in touch with my staff back in Canada . Pleasant stay all around and I appreciated the service and consideration .
! ! very pleased . . . great hotel . barge through canal
Distinctly Average - go elsewhere . I travel extensively in The Netherlands on business and stay in Amsterdam a lot . I usually stay at the Golden Tulip Hotel in the centre which I have always been happy with . For some reason I recently ended up booking the Krasnapolsky and certainly would not want to stay there again . It is not terrible but it is distinctly average . I had requested a non - smoking room but they tried to allocate me a smoking room and when I said I really would not like this they said the hotel was full etc . Then they found a room and the TV did not work . It was not the end of the world but I just wanted a quiet night in so the TV was something I wanted . To cut a long story short it took over an hour and half to try to sort this and they then ended up moving me to another room . The hour and a half wait was prettty poor but what made it frustrating was to keep being told We are on our way now which was quite simply just a succession of lies . Not the end of the world but it was at the end of a long day and getting late for dinner . The room was average and certainly not somewhere you would particularly want to go back to . But there was nothing terribly wrong with it except for the drab decor and well - worn bed . The staff did not show any particular interest . At one stage when I was getting a rather poor response I asked for the manager and was told I am the manager which I found hard to believe . So my advice would be to go elsewhere as there are plenty of alternatives . It is certainly not worth the money and the staff really do not show much interest at all in really looking after you
krappy krasnopolsky . The hotel is ABSOLUTELY not five star . The lobby and dining areas are above average but the bedrooms . are way too small , virtually no closet space , and what 's up with those heating pipes banging and groaning all night long . Good thing we brought ear plugs . . . . Great location but not enough to sell me for our next trip to beautiful Amsterdam . . . . . . . .
Too beautiful for just 1 night . I was recommended this hotel by my travel agent . After reading ALL the reviews at Tripadvisor , I was rather looking forward to seeing the place for myself . I stayed just 1 night in this beautiful hotel . I was fortunate enough to get a room with a canal view and a double bed just for me ! ! The staff were friendly enough , though I received a somewhat cold and confused reception on my initial arrival . My room looked like it was recently renovated , although the door looked like someone had tried to break into it . At the lobby there was ample FREE muffins , pastries , tea and coffee . The ONLY downside was that I was misled into thinking that the hotel was n't far from the Centraal train station - in fact , it took me close to 30mins of walking ( with luggage and backpack ) ! *phew* Overall , it was more than sufficient for my purpose - a place just to shower and sleep . I 'd love to go back there in the future .
to be avoided at all costs . The only redeeming feature of this so - called 5 star hotel is the location - Dam Square - and even that in the middle of summer can be overcrowded and noisy . We arrived at 6 . 15 in the morning after a long flight from Ecuador , and had to wait 10 minutes until someone answered the night porter bell - not something one would expect from a 5 star hotel . Check in was fine . The room was real disappointment . Shabby , run down , and in need of a complete refurbishment . The public areas are those you would expect from a 2 - 3 star hotel - all again in need of a major updating . - particularly the carpets . Will never stay there again .
Not a happy customer . The executive room we booked was simply like stepping into a MFI show room . poorly put together , bits coming off , bed board was well worn . Noisy next to the room . We duly complained and were upgraded to a suite . The suite was a little bigger , but I would have not been happy to have paid full price for the room . Glasses / tea cups were not cleaned out on a daily basis . When we complained the head housekeeper said that some guests prefer us not to clear . Ordered something of the night menu and only one item of two arrived . In summary , go there , complain , get upgraded , complain , get a few quid knocked off the bill and you will be a happy guest with value for money . .
Had to make a fuss . First room we were shown was extremely shabby dirty plus the bed was extremely small we had booked a queen size over the internet . I called reception , they were rude unhelpful so my partner went down to make a fuss . We were shown a second room , a triple with a double single bed advised to push them together to make a queen size bed ! As this was unacceptable to us we made more fuss and were eventually offered a club room upgrade . This room at least was 4 star standard but still had problems ( the hairdryer did not work and the plug on the keetle looked unsafe ) . Despite the fact that the location was good I would not stay at this hotel again as the initial disagreement with unhelpful staff took the shine off the first day of our holiday .
A brilliant location . It was 18 years since our last stay at The Park and we were definitely not disappointed with our recent vist . The hotel has just been renovated to the highest standard . The rooms are spacious and the bed has to be the most comfortable we have ever slept in abroad . The standard of cleanliness was excellent too . The fixtures and fittings are very good . From the moment we arrived the staff were so very helpful . There was a problem with the electricity in our room but within 10 minutes of reporting it the electrician had rectified the problem . Added to all this the location is brilliant . We look forward to a return visit .
Reception staff and cold room let it down . we were asked to pay upfront plus a 70 deposit by a rude reception man because we did not have our cradit card . When we got back to the hotel that night the room was freezing . The night porter was on and said that there had been a few complaint and that he will get it addressed in the morning . The next day when i spoke to the same reception guy he said there was no problem and that i needed to turn them on myself . I have never heard of a hotel room that you have to turn on the radiator yourself . So 1 turned the radiator knob to a different position and when we came back that night the room was still freezing . We were leaving the next day and all we struggled to get an apology out of them . So basically was not impressed with the staff . Location was great and the place was nice and clean . Would not pay good money to stay there again .
Perfect Hotel . View from room 512
Great Hotel ! We loved it ! The staff is very friendly and the rooms clean and cosy ! The location is very central with nice views on a canal and perfect for exploring Amsterdam . Really a great place to stay !
Characterless hotel with average facilities . The hotel was very central ( off Dam Square and near the central railway station ) , but not on or particularly near to a canal . Decor was bland and businesslike , with no sense of being in Holland . For business use , it was fine ( and there 's a free computer room for guests on the 1st floor ) , but if you 're there for tourism you might want something with some character . I was put in a small , dark , smoking room ( which smelled of smoke ) , but got changed to a larger room on the third floor ( only three floors are non - smoking ) . The room was spacious , but the view was of a wall and had little natural light . This seems to be typical of most of the rooms , unless you go for a suite . There was still an ingrained smell of smoke in the room , even though it was non - smoking , and there were two cigarette burns on the bedspread . The staff were very helpful , and the breakfast was good ( though it was n't included in the room rate , and cost an extra 20 euros ) . Breakfast is n't available as room service . All in all , this is an adequate hotel , but I 'm surprised it 's part of the Raffles International group of hotels , as it was very functional and in need of a facelift .
That Was Then , This Is Now . . . . I guess I just do n't have the proper appreciation for the difficulty in joining 20 odd canal houses together to make a hotel . Or maybe it was just my expectations of what I would find in the way of a five star property . But in any event , I was underwhelmed with the Pulitzer . Not that it 's a bad hotel . It 's just not ' Luxury Collection ' material . The room I had was very large for Amsterdam . In fact , there are many apartments that are considerably smaller ( okay , so I peeked in the windows of way too many apartments as I walked along the canals ) . The bathroom was nice ( big tub , heated marble floors ) , hotel room was relatively quiet , and the staff was very friendly , though a bit lacking in their knowledge of restaurants . The place is just very disjointed . No central lobby to speak of . Horrible art . I mean awful . You have to jig and jog ( and jig and jog ) to get to the only bar / restaurant ( both of which are nice / just okay ) . And heaven help if you need to go to the bathroom while at the bar / restaurant ( over the river and through the woods , to grandmother 's house we go . . . ) . Would definitely stay here again , but only if I get a very good deal . Starwood ? ? Are you listening ? ?
Loved the location and the staff attitude . Simply the best hotel I 've ever stayed in . Comfortable rooms , fantastic location , very close to the city centre and reasonably priced compared to its very central location . Above all , what we enjoyed most was the staff attitude , everyone is cheerful , helpful and very enthusiastic , they do make you feel at home . I visited Amsterdam twice and I keep going to the same hotel , it is part of my wonderful experience of this city . I have recommended Hotel Nadia to all friends and family who visited Amsterdam .
Undecided . I 'm undecided about this hotel . We like Amsterdam but the hotel we usually stay at was full ; so we opted for the Victoria . We booked and stayed for 1 night ( 2nd Feb ) . There was a lot about the Victoria I liked . I found the staff good , and the location is excellent . We had a executive room on the 3rd floor and the room was clean , tidy and comfortable . We ate lunch in Vic 's ( the on site restaurant ) , and the food was great . On the downside the lobby / communal area on the ground floor is long and quite narrow . This means that for us / you non smokers it is quite common to run a gauntlet of smoke betwen the lifts and the outside world . I found this quite unpleasant . Also I had one of my worst night 's sleep in this hotel due to several other guests on my floor being noisy until about 4am . So next time I visit Amsterdam I 'm going to book my usual hotel far enough ahead !
2 star hotel at most ! first night experience : an extra small room with an awful smell coming from the bathroom ( almost vomited . . . ) breakfast : descent reception : willing but insufficientand as a cherry to the cake : they tried to charge 350 euros for a phone call that never took place . when i denied it they implied i was a liar . . . what a wonderful attitude ! beware . . .
Great location but not great value for money . I chose this hotel because of the convenient location , across from Amsterdam Centraal . The lush , decadent exterior and entrance hall are not however , carried on into the bedroom . My room is small and boxy . The mattress is so firm I may be better sleeping on the floor , yet the pillows are so soft I may risk suffocation during the night . Check in was efficient . I ate at a bistro round the corner ( near Soup Kitchen which I know from previous trips is great for wholesome food ) rather than in the hotel because the screaming child put me off even looking at the menu . Location is excellent , en suite is nice , bedroom is small , staff are helpful . I would n't rush back though , so I 'll try somewhere else next time I am in Amsterdam .
A Superb Hotel . . you will no tbe disappointed all inclusive drinks in the room
Huge hotel lacking character - 5 star rating a stretch . I have ended up at the Krasnapolsky on three different occassions , and each time has been a completely different experience . On the first trip , 5 years ago , I was in an executive room which was acceptable and clean . Last year , however , I was in a standard room which was really quite grim - a walk in shower , folding bathroom door , and dated , tattered linens and decor . I had vowed never to stay again , but because my most recent trip was spontaineous , it was the only central hotel with availability , so I booked the executive room to be on the safe side . . . The room which was said to be in the newly refurbished royal wing was very basic and was certainly not like any other 5 star hotel I 've ever stayed in . When we asked to upgrade further , the staff insisted that we were in the nicest possible area of the hotel . . . The inconsistency probably lies in the size of the hotel - it is really massive . Despite the disappointment in the rooms , the staff are lovely and friendly and the service has been fine . . . It 's suitable for a business traveler , but not especially comfortable for a romantic weekend or family holiday .
Not what others say in the good reviews . The separator between the shower and the toilet causing the toilet to be flooded , really bad des
Top Hotel . outside hotel to the left .
Pretty Poor Apartment . I Stayed in Apartment 7305 , 1 bedroom with lounge , kitchen , bathroom and laundry plus a small entry . I would rate the apartment 1 star and very hard to find any comfort in this apartment . On Arrival to the hotel I had booked and pre paid for a standard single room , I asked how much to upgrade to an apartment and they said it would be free , that was great . I knew that the stair case was going to be steep so the porter led me to the back of the hotel , down an alley and up the stair case which was like a ladder on a slight angle . The apartment on first view seemed large and I wanted privacy and got it too . I firstly un packed and put on some music but found out the stereo speakers had blown so had to turn it off . The apartment had lots of bits and pieces all arranged in a disorganised way so after a few hours I arranged it to the way I thought would be comfortable . The bedroom had 2 small single beds which are light and cheaply made they did not feel comfortable and I did not use them , the lounge had a pull out sofa bed similer to a futon and I used this bed but it was very hard to put together and everynight fell apart so I never had a good sleep . The kitchen had sufficient cutlery , crockery and cookware to cook basic foods and I cooked each night ( suparmarket food in Amsterdam is incredibly cheap and I spend a total of 84 euros for 3 meals a day for 7 days ) . The fridge is very small so do n't buy too much , the oven and hot plates worked well , microwave was fine and good lighting . The lounge has a TV , bookshelf , sofa bed , very large dinner table which takes up most of the space in the lounge , 2 chairs and 2 lounge chairs plus coffee table . It all looks like what you would see in an apartment of young guys who have just moved out of their parents house and have collected bits and pieces and hand me downs , nothing very comfortable or pleasant on the eye . The lounge also has a video player but my one did not work and no one could fix it , they also supply a file with the leaflets of all the appliances in the apartment but as so many of the appliances have been replaced over time the leaflets had not been replaced and are for appliances no longer in the apartment . The cupboard laundry has a washing machine and as savvy as I am with these kinds of appliances and with full instructions I struggled to use it as it i not your normal automatic front loader . After 3 nights in the apartment I started to get ill so I thought I need to give this place a good clean , I pulled the sofa away from the wall in the lounge only to find heaps of rotting food scraps and this is when I realised the apartment was dirty , I stayed ill for most of my time at the hotel . What did work superbly was the mini in room safe . The area around the hotel is awful . I saw so many drug addicts taking hard drugs in every corner of the hotels ally and area that connects the Royal Wing to the Main Hotel . every time I left my apartment to go out I was met with endless amounts of people asking me to buy drugs or promising me to help me find my way or offering info on Amsterdam . I was cleverly taken in by a few of these people as they seem so trustful only to find I was duped and again these are the people that are the drug users . If you are not use to this kind of environment you would just think they are friendly locals helping a tourist . I had breakfast in the hotel and it does cost 25euros but its really good , top quality foods well prepared . I enjoyed having a glass of bubbly in the morning before breakfast . The area that the hotel is located is the Red Light area and its very sleazy , loaded with drug addicts , husslers and all sorts of people hanging around the streets looking to make a quick buck . I spent the balance of my time in Leidersplane and found that the Park Hotel and the Marriot are well located in a more conservative healthy part of town . The stair case to the apartment always smelt of vomit and the apartment comes either cold or hot no in between . I hope my review will help you make an informed decision , I paid Euros 120 per night for this experience . Thank you
Location location location . Just to put you in the picture i am in my mid twentys and i went to amsterdam with my boyfriend for a nice weekend break . Compared to the majority of accommodation in Amsterdam this place was a god - send . It is located right on Dam square which is such a brilliant location to explore the city . - The staff were polite and efficient and the rooms were a nice size and were very clean ( i was on the 5th floor - not sure if this makes a difference ) . They also provided all the essentials in travel size ( toothbrush , toothpaste , comb , hairbrush , shaving kit , shampoo , shower gel etc etc ) - you dont get all of these in most hotels . Being from the hotel industry myself i can say that this is very satisfactory indeed . Dont book if you are looking for a good 4 star hotel and have high expectations but if you are expecting a mid range 4 star or high end 3 star then this is your place . Amsterdam was brilliant . Reccommendations are : Hire a bike ! ! This is my top tip . The first day we walked and our feet were killing by the end of it . Hiring a bike allowed us to visit all the sights at ease - and it was lots of fun too ! ! I reccommend the bike shop in between central staion and Dam sq ( if you 're at Dam sq and looking in central station direction then its on the right hand side ) . They charge 7euros per day whereas others we saw were 6 euros for 3 hours . We had the bikes for two days and it was only 13euros BARGINVondelpark - beautiful . We only meant to pop in for an hour or so but ended up staying for 5 hours ( it was a nice day ) . Make sure you take your bike ! Goucho grill - we had spare ribs and steak - you get as many ribs as you can eat ! Lovely food , nice setting ! Leidseplein - buzzing atmosphere - good to dine alfresco or have a drink and people watch . Brown Cafe - we went to a cafe called ' Get down to it ' - great atmosphere and everything you would expect from a brown cafe in AmsterdamRed Light District - we walked through about 5 times . Definitely an experience ! !
Excellent Excellent Excellent ! ! ! We have just arrived from a business trip to Amsterdam . We paid for a Superior Room but they gave us a Junior Suite because it was our first time to Amsterdam ( at least that 's what they said ) . The location was excellent and no taxi was needed since everything was in walking distance from the hotel . The room was luxury with oversized bathroom and a huge bed but very clean above all . Our bedroom was overlooking the Dam Square . Every single staff was friendly and always willing to help you . Swissotel is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in . I would definetely go again !
Great Location . Very satisfied with service , staff was very accommodating . Rooms were great , very comfortable beds , nice bathrooms .
Not a great stay ! ! Stayed at the Pulitzer for business at the beginning of June 2005 . The ' Executive ' room I got was small and rather basic . Not even an internet connection ! Breakfast for Euro 20 was OK ! The location is great ! But the service patchy ! I do not believe it deserves to be in the ' Luxury Collection ' of Starwood . Might be a good place for tourists , but try another place if you are in Amsterdam on business .
Not that good . I honestly can not believe the high score at tripadvisor . I usually choose my hotels based on the ratings here at tripadvisor and have never been disappointed . However , Esthera did not live up to my expectations . The room ( 512 ) was tiny , with a tiny bathroom which actually has no space to put the towels ( stored on a rack above the bathtub ) . If you want to take a shower you have to throw the towels onto the floor . The furniture had several cigarette holes , although it was supposed to be a non - smoking room . The rooms are noisy due to the lack of any sound insulation . Breakfast is an extra 16 EUR per person which I thought was included in the price , another bad surprise . Staff is not particularly friendly . Location is quite nice , which is the only positive thing about this hotel .
Never Disappointed at the Nadia ! View of Nadia Staircase
Excellent hotel . Got a great rate for this hotel on hotwire ( $ 195 per night ) so was really pleased to be staying here . This hotel is about a 10 min walk from the Dam square in the center of Amsterdam , right on the canal . We got upgraded to a canal - view room ( # 175 ) which was small - ish ( in the european style ) but had high ceilings and a balcony and got sent some complimentary champagne for our honeymoon . No coffee or iron in the rooms - but all arrived on request . For a lovely breakfast , turn left out of the front entrance - on the next corner is a cafe with fresh baked breads and cooked meals . The porter organized a car service to the airport for a lower price than a taxi ( E35 ) . Highly recommended , nothing to complain about here .
Decent , but limited . I recently stayed at the Nadia for several nights . First , I 'll say that I 'm a seasoned business traveler , and have been to Amsterdam 11 times , so this is not my first small hotel expereince in the city . I arrived around 10am . No one offered to help me up the very steep stairs to the lobby which is one floor above street level . The staff was always very nice and helpful . I was offered coffee or tea if I wanted , and they checked my bags , advising the room would not be available until 1pm . More very steep stairs up to my room . Facing the steepness of the stairs was a real drag after a long day of walking around the city . If you do n't have alot of stamina , skip this place . Yes , these stairs are steeper than any I 've encountered in Amsterdam . My room was cramped , even by Amsterdam standards . The bedspread was torn and had burn holes , the sheets were clean , but had a rip in it . I did not receive fresh towels for several days - the staff would simply fold up the used towels and place them back on the rack . This was annoying as I was only given one hand towel and one bath towel , as a single guest . I found myself hitting my head on shelves , and banging my shin on the bed platform more often than I care to admit , as the room was so tight . As mentioned in other reviews , the toilet is in the shower . My toilet seat cover could not be lowered , nor could the seat be lifted , due to it being wedged between the toilet tank ( hard to describe ) . This led to constant risk of items falling into the open toilet from the miniscule glass shelf above , the only place in the bathroom for your personal toiletries . The room was on the back of the hotel facing a courtyard , and was mostly quiet , with the exception of hearing the church bells of the Westerkerk through the night ( this was very pleaseant , actually ) . Some of the nights were warm , so I had the window open . Apparently the reception desk also faced the courtyard some floors below , as on a couple of nights I was kept awake by the constant piercing ring of the reception desk telephone , echoing up the courtyard at all hours . Why the management does n't either lower the volume , change the type of ringer ( a flashing light perhaps ? ) , or simply keep the window shut so as to not disturb the guests , is beyond me . I 'd say the Nadia is an okay place to stay if you 're not bothered by what I 've mentioned . The location is very good for getting around the city ( close to 3 tram lines , Canal Bus and Dam Square ) , there 's an ATM across the street , and an internet cafe a block away . I feel the price was high for the room . I wo n't be staying at the Nadia again .
thank you nadia for another wonderful time ! ! ! ! ! ! hotel nadia has done it again , every thing from our wonderful room to the welcome home flowers , the balcony , the views , the fantastic personal service , nothing is too much trouble , we truly believe you cant better this hotel , and we will be coming back for our forth stay a soon as we possibly can . . . . . . .
An extremley enjoyable stay at Hotel Nadia ! Hotel Nadia is a lovely hotel in an excellent location . The staff were all very friendly and helpful , the room very small but was clean and had everything we needed . Would highly recommend Hotel Nadia and would definately stay again if visiting Amsterdam in the future .
Hotel Nadia - Highly Recommended . We stayed at this hotel in 2006 and were so impressed we booked direct with the hotel to return again this year , Nov 2007 . The hotel is situated in a nice quiet area close to Dam Square and Ann Franks house . It is only about 8 mins from Central Station . The hotel is very clean and the rooms are cleaned daily . The rooms are not big but then if like us , you just want a base from which to explore this beautiful city , it is perfect . Our room had a TV , fridge , tea / coffee , shower , wc , safe and comfy bed . What more can you ask for ! The staff are all very friendly and helpful . It was my boyfriend 's birthday during our stay and when we got back to the room on the afternoon of his birthday , there was a beautiful bouquet of flowers whishing him a Happy Birthday ! You do n't get that sort of customer service very often ! ! We were really impressed . We checked out on the last day and the hotel kindly stored our luggage until late afternoon . Some guests have commented that the stairs are steep , I think there are about 37 up to main reception , but if you are fit and able , this is not a problem . Lets face it , with all the lovely food you will be eating in Dam , then a bit of exercise is a good thing ! ! I booked a room with a balcony on this visit and it was so nice to sit outside and watch the world go by in the mornings and the view is beautiful .
They mean well . I had some reservations about booking with the Pulitzer after reading the mixed reviews but was talked into it by my travel agent who books high end travel . I must say it is in a good location and one of the nicer hotels in Amsterdam . The bathrooms are small but like every one else said are nicely done and meet all the needs . Both the rooms I stayed in were well appointed and fine for a nice holiday room . However , we did have several issues . We were woken up by a mouse scratching at the door trying to get out of our room . Needless to say we were immediately moved to an upgraded room with a view of the canals only to find out the mini bar was broken and never able to be fixed during our stay . Also the mini bar is electronic and make mistakes at the slightest jiggle The buffet breakfast was included with our package but would have been 25 euro each if not included - which is way too high . It is one of the nicest hotels for Amsterdam but I can see where it gets spotty reviews . If you catch them right your in a 4 star hotel - if not - your going to get pot luck on some services . The hard part is that is a far better hotel than most amsterdam hotels so . . . . . the question is what are your compromises .
A cozy well located hotel . While I would not recommend the Nadia to anyone who is handicapped ( very long and steep staircase ) , hotel prices are high in Amsterdam , and this was one of the better priced 2 star hotels . The rooms were small but clean and well appointed ( including fans , which helped when it got hot ) , and the staff vere very friendly and attentive . We booked directly through their web site , and they responded promptly each time . When we arrived for our return stay of our round trip through Amsterdam , there were flowers in the room and a nice note . The breakfast is basic but adequate . The location is superb , right in the Jordaans district . For the price , I would definitely stay there again , but recommend a room without a view , as they are quieter . Amie Rodnick
good standards . I 've stayed in the Victoria Hotel in Augus 06 . The location of the Victoria hotel is excellent , opposite of the Central station . Check - in is ok , altough the service and kindness of the front - office staff varies every day . The rooms are ok , equipt with a large bed and comfortable seating , a large desk and sufficient lightening . The bathroom is average , not bad but certainly not superb . Biggest minor is the view of some rooms , ( if you can call it a view ) , I was looking at another building at about 2 meters away , so my view was only a wall . It reminded me at a commercial where a couple in a hotel opens a curtain and only spots a wall . . . . . . . . . Overall ; average experience , pricing is high but location makes up for much .
Classy and comfortable hotel . Upon arrival at The Park Hotel , the staff could not have been more helpful , friendly and approachable . The hotel itself is in a prime location for the canals , museums , and some great bars and restaurants . The decor was fantastic , and our room was very well presented , very clean , very modern and very comfortable . . . the bed was the most comfortable I 've ever slept in ! We found that our basin did not have running water , and so contacted reception . . . the general manager came to deal with this problem within 5 minutes , it had simply been switched off from beneath the basin . . . a simple problem . Yet that evening we returned back to the room to find a letter of apology for the inconvenience . . . . this was a very nice touch considering what little inconvenience it had actually been ! I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody . My one gripe was that there was a slight sewage smell in our room , but we thought this was simply a smell in the air rather than a problem with the hotel .
You get what you pay for . I stayed at the Hotel Victoria during a recent trip to Amsterdam . I think the best way to sum up the trip is to say that there is a reason that this hotel is 50 to 100 Euro less per night than other hotels in the area . The staff was friendly , as everyone has said . Also , it is in a very good location . However , the hotel itself is completely run - down . The carpet in the halls had cigarette burns and stains . The room itself did n't look like it had been refurbished in at least 20 years . Also , the cleanliness of my room was a bit of an issue . ( I went to run a bath my first day there and there was dirt and hair floating around in the tub ! ) At least the construction they decided to do at 8:00 AM on the room next door showed that they have a commitment to renovating the place . I was also irked by the fact that I had to pay 12.50 to use their outdated gym facilities . ( I would n't have minded paying if the machines had been more modern or if they had charged less for what they provided . ) Overall , I guess it was decent value , but I highly doubt I would stay there again or recommend it to anyone else .
Would not recommend . Stayed here recently and their idea of a 4* and mine are difinately different . Room looked nothing like the expedia picture , no coverlet and bed linen was not changed in the 3 days we stayed there . Enterance hall was lovely but do n't be fooled by the Superior room this is the basic room .
Loved the Fita Hotel . Fita is a nice , small hotel in a great location . It is near the Rembrandt museum and Rijksmuseum , near tram and bus stops , and in a residential area so visitors may get a glimpse of how Amsterdam residents live , commute to work on bicycles and bring their children to school . Entrance to the hotel is restricted , which makes one feel safe . The room was lovely . I had a balcony overlooking a school playground . The bathroom was large , with a shower and bathtub ( and rubber duck ! ) You can buy tickets to the Rembrandt Museum and Rijksmuseum through the hotel . The breakfast was good . The breakfast room was set up so that visitors could easily converse and make acquaintances . It was a lovely place , a great location . I would stay there again !
Great But No Cigar . I stayed at this hotel back in 2002 for my 2nd visit to Amsterdam . On arrving i was really impressed . The reception was really nice and the staff were really helpful and friendly . The room was clean and of decent size and in my view good value for money . However the bath was way too small . If your 6 feet tall forgot it . Also the connecting door to the room next dor was paper thin . You could here the occupents next door talking for god sake . Also didn ` t help when they got up to leave at 4am the next day : - ( My last grumble was that housekeeping staff started at 7 . 30am ! ! ! . On the whole i would give this hotel 3 out of 5 . A vast improvement on the Hotel Atlanta which i stayed at in 2001 but not as good as the Hotel Amsterdam De Roode Leeuw where i stayed in 2003 . I will be staying at the NH Schiller this May so will write a report to see how they compare . RegardsRyan K
Adored Hotel Fita . We took our first trip to Europe in May 2006 . Our last stop was 2 nights in Amsterdam . We booked the Hotel Fita based in large part on Trip Advisor reviews . When we arrived we were buzzed in by Hans , who turned out to be the owner along with his wife Lus . After several minutes of pleasant conversation we were shown to our room . It was gorgeous , large with a balcony and the largest bathroom we encountered during our eight nights in Europe . As we were getting settled in there was a knock on the door and there was Hans with a bowl of peanuts and champagne . As he suggested we stood on our balcony and toasted to our first night in Amsterdam . The location is great , near the museums , in a primarily residential neighborhood . Only 1 block away you can hop on a tram or bus . Restaurants and nightlife are within a 10 minute walk . Breakfast was wonderful , and as we were told , just follow your nose downstairs in the morning . We particularly loved the fresh squeezed orange juice , eggs and bacon . We were offered discounted tickets to the museums at breakfast . Exceptional service . Two nights were not nearly enough to see Amsterdam and enjoy the Hotel Fita .
Expensive Dump . This is NOT a five star hotel ! It is a tired , run down dump . Quality of finishes , fittings and furniture is of a Travel Lodge in the UK . . . . . . which is a very tight budget hotel . Public areas are very grubby and needing paint , new carpet and general good cleaning . . . . . . we faced a long queue at check in but only one person working . Room seemed unfinished , but to be fair , both room and bathroom were clean . Location right in the centre of tourist tat , kebab shops and pizza joints . . . . but only a short walk to real Amsterdam . Would NOT stay here again . Ever !
Think twice , read ALL the negative reviews ! ! I arrived tired on the train from Paris and was happy to see the hotel was within walking distance from the station . When I waked into the hotel I knew immediately that the huge amount of money ( $ 440 for a superior room ) was not going to go very far based on the virtually non - existant lobby . I got to my room and shocked to see the shabbyness of everything . There had been some remodeling done in the last several years but everything was dinged and dented with tacky bedspread and curtains . The view was out a maybe 2 foot wide window of a ventilation stack , I really was horrified since this is the most I have ever paid in my life for a hotel . I had just paid to $ 295 to stay on the left bank in Paris ! This is the first time I felt that Tripadvisor reviews let me down . I try to read between the lines on these things and I really ca n't understand how for the life of me how someone could give 4 or 5 stars to this hotel . I called Hotel ( - - ) who had booked this for me and luckily was able to cancel the 3 remaining days without penalty . At least with me the staff was very aloof even after Hotels ( - - ) called them to see what could be done for me . . . no upgrade offer or free breakfast offer . . nothing . I ended up moving across the square to a large 4 star hotel for about 30 % less money and the room was 30 % larger .
fine small hotel . My family of 4 ( 2 children aged 10 and 15 ) stayed at the 7 Bridges for 4 days in July . The hotel is the quintessential Amsterdam canal house - charming , authentic , perfectly located - walking distance to every major attraction . The room was clean , comfortable , spacious - no air conditioning , lovely outdoor terrace . It was the only room that could accommodate 4 people . Excellent breakfast served in our room daily . Helpful staff - stored our luggage until room was ready . This is not a modern American style hotel . but for those seeking to experience the true Amsterdam , this was a wonderful place to stay . My children thoroughly enjoyed it , and we would definitely stay there again .
Dissapointed from the room . room 01
A Good Hotel . Cant fault the location , have stayed here several times , always had really spacious room overlooking the royal palace . Breakfast is very american but everything there you could ever desire .
A tale of two rooms . Having stayed at the Victoria Hotel , I now understand why the reviews are so mixed . While my husband and I stayed in a small , dark room ( one chair , no desk , no room to swing a cat ) , with no view , our friends had a room at least twice the size for the same price ! The public areas are very nice and the staff are very pleasant but the rooms let it down badly . The decor is rather shabby , the furniture does n't match and the bathroom was so small you had to get dry in the bath . This is not a four star hotel by any stretch of the imagination .
The best in AMS . This is true . You can Banks on it
Average . . . I booked the hotel for a weekend 's stay . It 's very near to Centraal Station , which is great if coming from the airport . The Hotel itself is right near Dam Square , and 5 minutes from the Red Light District - so you 're near the action ! I had booked a Superior room and was given a single superior . The room was spacious , but the bed was a small double - no real issue there but I expected a standard hotel double ( Queen ) - there is a difference . The people next door were quite noisy , so I asked if I could be moved , and reception moved me to a superior double - good staff . The room ( superior ) - big , spacious room . Clean and furnished to general 4 - star hotel standards . A large desk for business travellers with an excellent leather desk chair . An expresso coffee machine was a pleasant surprise . A clean and excellent ( with above average pressure ) shower . The bed was disappointing . Looking like a kingsize , it 's actually two doubles thrown together - careful you do n't fall through the gap ! My room , as with most of the rooms had no view . And expect to hear noises from most of the rooms - unless you specifically ask for a quiet one ! The Hotel does n't have a lobby as such - just a reception area and a sofa round the side . The restauraunt is small but there 's no excuse to be eating there , when there 's a whole city to explore . Breakfast menu is restricted and expensive . In summary - the superior room is of good size but the two beds thrown together was disappointing . Having no view was also disappointing but as a tourist , one should n't be spending too much time inside . The staff seemed friendly and overall , whilst I would n't stay there again , I did n't wholly like or dislike my stay . Average is the only conclusion to give . . .
Nice hotel in a good location but slightly overrated . The 2nd room : TV
Disappointed . We are at last out after a 4 - day unpleasant stay . The hotel is far below the level we expected for the amount of money we paid . The room was very modestely furnished and so was the old - fashioned bathroom . Internet connection was out of order and satelitte channels were limited . The hotel has no lobby and the breakfast was less than average with a very limited variety . The street is very noisy . we could hardly sleep day or night . My husband still suffers severe backache because of the unhealthy mattress . The only bright side was the kind and smiling staff . I wish them all the best , probably in a higher standard hotel where they will definely fit better . I do not recommend this hotel in spite of its central location . Trams and taxis are available .
Skip the Krasnapolsky . The Krasnapolsky was touted as a 5 - star hotel but it is anything but . Many of the rooms in the main hotel are small and outdated . We stayed in the newer rooms , but you have to leave the hotel and go through an alley to enter the building with the newer rooms . Some unsavory people hang out in this alley . It was overpriced for the experience . The concierge was extremely rude to us and the hotel lobby is always crowded and full of smoke ( from all kinds of things ) . If you have the resources , I suggest the Intercontinental Amstel . It is a bit off the beaten path but it is a haven with the most pleasant staff .
Very poor response to a theft . Stayed at the hotel on a business trip . Was very pleased with the quality of the rooms - in the upgraded section . Stay was spoiled by the theft of my laptop . I stupidly left it behind when I checked out and went direct to a meeting . Three hours later I realised I had left it behind , phoned the hotel , fully expecting them to tell me they had it at reception . They handled the whole thing very badly . Did n't believe me when I said I had left it behind . Made a great show of bringing me back to the room to point out ' Look , no laptop ' . Told me they 'd take a step right back if I phoned the police . Subsequenly a senior manager phoned and apologised and explained that they ca n't outright accuse hotel staff . . which I understand . But the whole experience was made so much worse by their initial handling of it . The impression given to me was almost like I was attempting some kind of scam . There 's clearly a problem there . So I would never stay there again . The laptop was close to worthless , very old model , but I had years of personal stuff on it . I was foolish to leave it behind but I was extremely shocked that it was n't handed into reception by one of the two staff who had been in my room after I checked out .
worst hotel ever i had the worst stay ever in this hotel . i had planed a relaxing 10 day vacation with one of my friends and when i got to the hotel they needed my credit card just to confirm the room is what they told me but no they charged 1500 euro to my card and that put a block on my card for 10 days to wait for the authorization and by the time i left today . . . yes that is today they still had not figured it out and told me that i could not leave until the bill was resolved . . all in all bad room service bad , customer service bad , and everything was overpriced i paid 15 euro for a pot of water and 1 tea bag . . . not good so i would not suggest to stay at this hotel
Hotel Fita . We loved the location of this hotel . The room was spotless and although small , was perfect . The free telephone and laundry service was excellant and a huge perk . We enjoyed the simple breakfast . We also really enjoyed the no - smoking policy .
Average hotel . My wife and I stayed at this hotel in april 2007 . We got an standard double room , and stayed there for 4 nights . It is an average hotel : 1 . the location is not bad ( just opposite to Van Gogh 's museum , well - served by tram 's lines , and about 15 - 20 minutes from Centraal Station by tram ) ; 2 . the staff is fine ; 3 . the breakfeast is okay ; 4 . the room was fairly clean . Overall , an average stay . Neverthless , this is not a hotel for people that like to party : breakfeast is quite early from 7h30 to 9h30 , and just around 9h30 they are knocking on your door to see if they can clean your room . On the good side you have free internet access ( computer next to breakfeast room ) ; free calls anywhere in the world ( that is actually the highlight of the hotel in my opinion ) ; and free laundry . I think we 'd stay there again .
Trouble in paradise Swiss Hotel was awful . The Swiss Hotel is very centrally located and hence the price . My wife and I stayed for three nights . The superior room was very small and would be comparable to a good three star hotel . Whilst it was generally clean there were the odd things that would put you off . - Food from someone 's room service was lying in the corridor that must of fell off from the cleaning and was left all day . - The noise from the outside extraction fans for the buildings air conditioning was very loud . - My wife found a pubic hair in the freshly made bed . - I was expecting a queen sized bed ( as advertised ) and what we got was two single matresses pushed together with a big ridge down the middle of the bed . - The bathroom was so small that you very nearly bang your elbows moving around it . I also found the finishing around the bath was a little dirty / tatty . I made a complaint to the manager about the matress and the fact that I had paid for a superior room and was expecting a decent bed and they point blank refused to give me any discount . They apologised but it was still an awful hotel . Would not recommend this hotel , definately not worth the money , avoidlike the plague .
A mixed bag . As others have said , location is excellent but rooms are not well cleaned . The dust on top of the wardrobe looked like it had been accumulating for about 20 years . Internet access at EUR22 / day is a rip - off . There are other hotels nearby which offer it free . However , for those of us who like a swim , there 's a pool , which is quite rare in this part of the world . I do n't understand the complaints I 've read , as the pool is a decent size ( for an indoor hotel pool ) , in pleasant surrounds and kept at a good temperature , with other facilities available . The sauna and steam room theoretically cost extra , but there are usually no staff checking what guests are doing .
Good location . The location is very convenient . Just a block away from the train station and the Canal Bus office . It is also just a few blocks away from the Jordan district where a number of interesting restaurants abound . The lobby of the hotel bodes well but while the room was good size , the carpets and furniture are in need of renewal . It was also unfortunate to learn upon arrival that there was a charge for the fitness room . This is not an uncommon annoyance but should be on the web site .
Nadia Hotel - Faultless . stay I engaged in a considerable amount of research to find somewhere to stay in Amsterdam for a recent weekend in mid December . After reading the reviews , I settled for the Nadia Hotel . It is sometimes an all too often occurrence that people 's expectations of some establishments are so high after reading a long tail of positive feedback , that even the slightest issue has a considerable impact on their perceptions of the place . However , the Nadia Hotel was absolutely faultless . Little touches like a free welcome drink and continental breakfast really do make a difference . The staff are excellent - all very friendly and eager to help in anyway they can . A good example is when I returned back late on my first night and mentioned that I could n't get hold of any beers . Within five minutes there was a knock on my door with one of the guy 's holding a couple of cans - which he proclaimed were on the house . The rooms , in typical Amsterdam style for establishments this size , are small . I opted for a single room with balcony , overlooking the bustling Raadhuisstraat . The lack of double glazing does mean the noise of traffic ( particularly the trams ) , permeates into the room - but it is hardly a sleep killer ! Rooms have TV , electronic safe , small fridge and tea / coffee making facilities . The bathroom is very small - yet adequate . Security is good , with a 24hr manned intercom secuity system , and older travellers ought to beware of the extremely steep steps that lead up to the reception and rooms . The location is , in my opinion , excellent . Less than 15 minutes walk from Centraal Station , or a mere 5 minutes from Dam Square - the hotel is ideally located for visitng the major sights of the city . The Nadia Hotel is an excellent choice for the single traveller who prefers the cosy atmosphere of a small hotel , and I will definitely be booking again when I visit the city again .
Simply the best . Just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam . After reading the reviews from this site about the Banks Mansion we expected it to be good but it far surpassed our expectations . The rooms were of a very high standard with lots of added extras which made it a pleasure to return to after a hard days shopping ! ! ! ! . The staff could not have been more helpful , they were always on hand from the moment you book in to the moment you left and nothing was to much trouble . With everything being complimentary from the breakfast to the drinks we can not recommend this hotel highly enough . Stay here and see for yourself .
Not what we expected , but nice . The Lobby
Top marks to Nadia . Stayed here for a long weekend the hotel is within easy walking distance from the city centre and less than 50m from the closest tram stop . The room was small but spotlessly clean , nice fresh continental breakfast each morning staff could n't do enough for us with complimentary drinks nearly evey time we went to reception . The reception area has loads of leaflets on places to visit and the staff are more than happy to offer advice . More than happy to keep bags safe on early check in / late check out . The only negative would be the stairs might be steep for some people but this is normal in Amsterdam .
Okay hotel , but rooms need refurbishing . We stayed here for two nights in July 2008 . The location is excellent and perfect if you have an early train journey the next morning ! The reception and lobby is very nice , however I thought that the rooms let the hotel down a bit and need refurbishing . We stayed in the garden wing , and as I 'd read some reviews on here , I was aware some guests had seen mice in this area of the hotel . I did n't see any myself , but there were some strange noises in the room during the night ! We did n't eat at all in the hotel , but in a nice italian restaurant ( if you stand facing the hotel , turn right and you 'll find it up a side street ) . We also ate breakfast on the same street in a pancake place . I think this was all much cheaper than eating in the hotel . Overall I would recommend staying in the hotel if you need to be near the station , but otherwise next time I would try somewhere else .
A realistic review . We Stayed in room b in the summer of 2006 , 2 adults . Choosing this hotel after reading alot of good reviews on this site . First of all all the good things . . . the location is good . Except the location , theres really nothing good to say about our stay in room b . Theres NO AIRCONTION , the room is VERY SMALL , and the view was straight out to the street , walking people can look directly in the room , if curtains arent closed . That leaves you with NO VIEW . Theres NO BREAKFAST served in this room , thats due to an tiny tiny kitchen in this room i guess . Allthough there no proper diningtable avalible . And not at least the BEDSHEETS WAS NOT CHANGED AT ALL , thats in a period of 6 nights , in the summer . The bedcarpet is a heavy thing , and wonder if this is ever washed . For a price of 135euros / night ( $ 180 / night ) this hotel room is to be reviewed as below average . This is a no go . And it has to be sayed , this is a honest review , no personal critisism of the owners of the hotel .
It 's good . Really nice hotel with added bonus of free room bar and hotel bar . Seemed to have a relaxed attitude to me bringing friends over as well . Good location .
Great location with nice breakfast in a good basic hotel . I read the reviews of this hotel after I had booked it in a package . I was wary of what awaited me . It was a great basic hotel . It could not have been in a better location . It is near a major transportation stop . It faces a canal . It is even across from the Hard Rock Cafe . People like to criticize the Hard Rock but for families , it is a place with a predictable menu and drinks that can be refilled . The Rijks Museum and the Van Gogh Museum are a short walk away . Behind the Park is the elite shopping street for Amsterdam . A short walk to the front gets you to the Leidse Square and a good location for drifting through some of the best and most convenient shopping I have experienced in Europe . It might not be the Ritz but when we travel to Europe we look for clean , convenient , near transportation , and a breakfast other than just stale bread . The Park fits our bill . I would definitely use it again .
Worst hotel experience ever . I was staying here on a business trip and booked it based on the website photos , which all show lovely renovated rooms . When I checked in I was given probably the one of the worst rooms in the hotel . A single bedded room in the un renovated part of the hotel . The bed was sagging in the middle and my bed cover had a cigarette burn . I could not change the rooms and was told I could not cancel them either . I eventually . . . after lots of discussions . . . . . got moved to the renovated part of the hotel but on a smoking floor so had to keep the window open to eliminate the smell and it was cold outside ! Also the restaraunt is dark and dingy and the breakfast cost a whopping 22 euros each . The head waiter scolded one of the waitresses in full view of the customers . The staff on reception were not helpful and did not seem to realise the customer came first . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone
Upmarket boys weekend . . . . . . . . . . I can not rate the Banks Mansion highly enough . . . I was a tad suspicious of the inclusive drinks and particularly as the trip , organised by me , was an upmarket stagweekend / batchelor party for 6 guys , I tried to play this down . However to their delight it was true ! ! Do n't think we over - indulged but great after a night out to chill with some conversation over a beer or glass of wine . Hotel was great , rooms excellent for the money and shower was great ! However , what made the difference was that the hotel were so helpful , we arrived early at 9am and although I had warned them asking if they could store our luggage . . . they went one better and actually had the rooms ready ! ! ! Very impressive . Fantastic weekend ! ! Also for those who want a dining experience with a difference . . . . visit The Supperclub ! ( - - - )
Just Like Home . I am still staying in the Banks Mansion as I write this using the free Internet access and having a drink from the Free Bar too ! These are just two of the things that make staying here a great experience . The Banks is an old converted merchants house by the Herengracht . The hotel is all done in an Art Deco style which only adds to the experience . My friends are staying here too and we all agree that we really like this hotel . Some of the rooms have a bath and some like mine have a shower . I am more of a shower person so this suits me but you can always specify which you prefer when you book . I was also allocated a non - smoking room which is great . One great thing about my shower is that it has a steamer built in with a eucalyptus oil option . I was out last night and found the smoke bothered me a bit so I was bunged up in my nose today . I just put on the steam room amd then sat in it for ten minutes and found this to be a great help . The buffet breakfast is very extensive too with both hot and cold items available . The staff are all very courteous and helpful . Overall I would have to say this hotel wins out because of the location , staff and overall standard of service offered . The rooms are all a decent size too which is a plus in Amsterdam as old buildings tend to have small rooms
Horrific Apartment / Tenement squalor . Do n't be duped into renting one of these luxury apartments . I rented a two bedroom deluxe for a week and it was filthy and disgusting . I checked out the following morning . Words can not describe this experience other than to say that I felt like I was in a ghetto . The hallway entrance should have been my first clue as the carpet is torn and filthy , the walls are filthy and it just gets worse from there . I will say that the night manager that I spoke to was very professional and polite vs the girls at the front desk who giggled and laughed when I lodged my complaint . I am very puzzled by some of the other reviews regarding these apartments and their glowing comments . I can not believe that the hotel is even associated with these luxury apartments ; it is false advertising to describe these as luxury apartments . I will never stay at the Krasnapolsky again ! ! ! And yes indeed you do wander aimlessly through the kitchen to get to your luxury apartment . I recommend you keep wandering right past them to the Pulitzer or the Dylan . Luckily , I was able to get a room at the Dylan so my trip was n't completely ruined .
Disappointing . We stayed in the Victoria Hotel for New Year 's Eve and our stay was extremely disappointing . This hotel does not classify as a four star hotel as it is rated . Many of the items listed on the hotel website do not appear in the room , i . e . trouser press , safes , etc . The state of our bathroom ( which was tiny ) was embarassing and is worse than any hotel we have ever stayed in due to the extent of the mould in the shower and also the fact that you could only spend limited time in the shower because the water did not drain away for ten minutes or more . We stayed for four nights ( with prices ranging between Euros 99 - 210 plus tax ) and not once during our stay was our bed linen changed and despite a call to ask when we were leaving our room on New Year 's Day , they failed to clean the room and simply left new towels on the door handle . There were also chips out of the door and several of the lights were n't working . Whilst the hotel staff were friendly , they did not assist in moving us to anther room despite our request and I would not recommend a stay in this hotel . The lobby looks inviting , however , our room was less than acceptable and it is difficult to understand how this hotel can be rated as four star .
what is that smell . Just back from 5 days in amsterdam . We stayed in the Victoria hotel . On arrival we booked in too early but the pleasant staff at the desk got the porters to store our bags so we could go site seeing as our room was n't ready . Our room was clean but small but we were happy until the first morning when the stench from the bathroom was sickening . This was the same each morning . It smelt like raw sewage . YUCK YUCK YUCK ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The internet ' good value ' rooms are lousy . I had a bad experience cause our room had a communication door with the room nextdoor and our neighbours spent their time doin strange noises , banging the door and smoking dope which almos intoxicated us , , , Awful . The hotel is well placed , but the rooms and the beds need an updating . The staff was correct but I did n't like being secured 115 euros from my credit card for ' possible ' expenses . It 's a mistrusting policy .
Excellent Service , Friendly Staff . I can not fault the staff and service that we received at this hotel , everyone was so friendly and nothing was too much for them . The rooms are small but are equipped with everything you need including a fridge and reception will provide hairdryer , iron etc on request . I found the room we had to be a bit noisy as we were on the street side as we requested a balcony and it is a very busy road . Please be advised that there are steep stairs leading in to this hotel so it would not be suitable for anyone with walking difficulties but dont worry about having to drag your cases up the stairs as the staff are only too happy to do this . Overall a great stay in a reasonably priced hotel with great location ( near Dam square Anne Frank House ) and only a short walk from central station .
Great bed , but room can use a little dusting . Hallway
do n't stay anywhere else ! I can not rate this hotel highly enough . We stayed for 4 days on recommendation and we were not disappointed . The staff were welcoming , the hotel was charming , the rooms beautiful ( some with great canal views ) and all within walking distance of Dam Square . If you are thinking of visiting Amsterdam please do not look anywhere else !
Comfortable , but the rooms are small . We stayed at the Swissotel Amsterdam in June 2004 and were disappointed when we first saw our hotel room . Well , it 's not that the room was that bad , but for a reputable 4* + international property , we had expected better than what we got . The room furnishings looked outdated , although the small lobby looked modern and newly renovated . We were surprised to find that the hotel room was rather small - - the small elevator and narrow corridor to the rooms were hints that the rooms were n't going to be spacious either . . . almost had a clastophobic feeling . The bathroom door had to be closed all the time or it would block the passage to the main door . On a brighter note , the room was clean and decent . The staff were friendly . The hotel is also conveniently located near the Dam Square and within walking distance to the train station . By the 3rd day of our stay , we 'd readjusted our hotel expectations and focused instead on enjoying our tour of The Netherlands .
Loved it ! Breakfast room
no so good . . . Cold and noisy We stayed in a busineess room for 3 nights , the room was clean and confortable but 27 meters . . . ? Besides the heating was very low , and sometimes we were really cold , overcoat in the batroom . . . But the worst thing , it was the horrible noise , every mornings our up neighbours waked us up . The noise was so high that it seems that the ceiling was going to fall down . It was not their fault , beacuse in this hotel there is not soundproofing . . . ! ! ! and in our oppinion in a 3 start hotel it should be fixed . Staff is really nice and helpful , and breakfast very good .
Need to be a heavy sleeper . I picked this hotel for the first two nights of our trip to Europe with our toddler . I knew it was a little out of the way and wanted to make sure we were in a quiet location to get our sleep . I was pleasently suprised when we got there . It was very elegant and clean and in a beautiful location . However , we were woken each night by noise from above . The building is very old ( hence the charm ) , but the walls are paper thin . The first night , I woke up every 30 minutes due to noise . The second night , we all woke at 12:30 . The man in the room above us was having a meeting . We called the front desk several times since none of us could sleep . Finally , my husband took my ( now crying ) daugher to the lobby and the front desk clerk handed him the keys to the suite on the top floor . We moved , but by this point the whole night and the next day were shot . If you can stay on the TOP floor , I highly recommend this hotel . Otherwise , you better be a good sleeper . I regret to say that I had read other complaints about noise in this hotel before making my reservation .
It does not look like the web site ! The room was a nice size however very tired . The walls were dirty and had gouges in them . The comforter , drapes and furniture were in need of replacement . The first room we got overlooked the backside of other buildings . We then moved to a room facing the canal which was a nice view . The bathroom was updated , clean and other than the tub that was difficult to get in and out of was fine . The breakfast was an average buffet - not worth the steep price . After one breakfast , we went to pancake houses for a more reasonable and better breakfast . The bar and lounge had been updated and was very attractive . I was told the rooms were scheduled for renovation in December of 2007 - not a minute too soon . The lobby could use a little work as well . For the price and rating as a 4 star hotel it was definitely lacking . With renovation it may improve because of the location but our stay left something to be desired .
Great Hotel and good location . Stayed at the Hotel Nadia this week with 16 other people . When booking a hotel for so many people you have to do your homework and I trawled through tripadvisor and was concerned finding that the standard of hotels in Amsterdam had a lot to be desired and prices were really unreasonable . Then I came across the Nadia which had great reviews and good prices and within minutes of a reservation request online I had prices and availability confirmed and even a phone call . My only concern was I was unable to pay a deposit and I know I had confirmation e - mails but a deposit gives you that piece of mind ( just a suggestion ) . Upon arrival and during our stay we were looked after really well so full marks to the staff - Thank you . As in all hotels in Amsterdam the rooms are small but they had everything you need for a short city break and most importantly they were very clean . Breakfast was standard continental and available for 3 hours . The hotel is located in a great location just a few minutes walk from Dam Square and all of Amsterdam 's attractions can be reached easily on foot . One place you must visit is the Ice Bar - 15 euros and includes a drink , but its the experience of standing in a deep freeze with glasses and seating made of ice and you get great coats and hats to wear ! ! If you have spare time go on the half day trip to the windmills of Zaanse Sans and then onto the cheese factory ( do n't buy the cheese - if you really want some its half price at airport ) and then to fishing village of Volendam . In these few hours you see the real Holland . Osam at reception can help you organise this trip .
Nice - in an excellent loaction . Me and my friends went for a 3 nights stay in Amsterdam . We had all different bookings , from the smalles room to the suite . The check - in whas quick with plenty of staff in the reception . I had the smallest room . The room whas nice , functional with a good bed - but perhaps a little crowded for 2 people . The bathroom was all tiles , and with good waterpressure , even beeing on the top floor . Excellent for business , or for staying over weekends .
Excellent location . Stayed here with a friend for a weekend . Excellent location right opposite Central Station so no long walk to do with your bags . Room was decent with good bathroom and very comfortable beds . The staff are superb and can not do enough for you . Only moan is the breakfast - far too expensive and most of it was cold as it is a buffet style and left in tins etc etc . There is an excellent breakfast cafe around the corner - English breakfast for 6 euros . I can recommend the cocktails in the front bar . We went on a river boat dinner cruise which is an excellent way to see Amsterdam by night - very pretty .
A hotel with character . Seven Bridges Amsterdam
more 3 star than 5 star . Living in Amsterdam I had always thought of the Krasnapolsky as a good 5 star hotel . But what a disappointment ! ! ! We booked two rooms for party of four only to be put in separate buildings in complete opposite directions . When in the adjacent building you have to go through an alleyway so bring your coat even when going for beakfast . Although you could still freeze as you have to swipe your keycard about 10 times before it let 's you in . When checking in , which took about 30 minutes , we were told there was no reservation , then they put our friends in a single room . This was supposed to be a royal executive room overlooking the Dam square . When rooms were eventually sorted out they had to change room again because of the foul state of the room . I have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world and I have honestly never seen a 5 star hotel with DIY style bathrooms and laminate flooring . The hallways were smelly and messy looking . On top of that the roommaid kept asking when we were leaving as her her shift was nearly over ( this was at 10 . 45 a . m . ) We had dinner in the Japenese restaurant as the main restaurant was closed for the holiday season . We made reservations for 9 . 15 but we should have made that earlier as they obviously wanted to close and fired our 5 course dinner at us in 30 minutes . This is good when eating a pizza . Finally it took us 45 minute to check out . Overall a crap stay and very disappointing . If you are looking for a real 5 star experience in Amsterdam stay in the Amstel hotel or the Grand . I rate the Krasnapolsky as a 3 star high street hotel . Good location is the only thing going for it .
Birthday treat . This was a 40th birthday treat for my wife and what a treat it was . This Hotel is superb . Staff are very friendly , helpful and efficient . Room was large ( huge bathroom and private roof terrace ) clean and beautifully appointed . Room was in the Royal wing and all rooms on the 6 floor have roof terraces . Room rate on door was 450 euros I paid 145 via internet , great value for money . Location could not be better with everything within walking distance and when you have to many shopping bags just pop back to hotel drop them off and back across the road for more spending . The breakfast is optional and at an extra cost of 21 euros may seem rather steep until you see what you get and the lovely room your are in . Champagne , smoked salmon chef to cook your eggs any way you like and a vast array of fruits , breads and hot and cold dishes . The breakfast room is in the old winter garden which is a lovely ornate room with a very relaxed atmosphere You do n't need much for lunch after that . I would certainly stay here again
A small , wonderful hotel in the Museumplein area of Amsterdam . A great place to stay especially if you want quick access to the Rijks and / or Van Gogh museums . Hans and Loes de Rapper offer great hospitality and careful attention to detail . Public transportation is close at hand .
Excellent Hotel . Quiet situation in the Museum District , with easy access to public transport , Vondel Park , shopping area etc . with lots of very good restaurants , bars , brown cafes within a few minutes walk . Friendly staff , happy to give advice information . Hans has a good sense of humour , in the Basil Fawlty style ! cooks a good breakfast . The hotel is spotlessly clean , rooms have everything you could want ; there 's free internet access , which is useful if you want info on local attractions , train times , etc free ' phone calls - again useful to confirm local arrangements . Two middle - aged English couples would highly reommend this hotel .
1 Small Room . The Hotel Fita has a lovely location but when traveling for business a room for 1 person is smaller than small . Not accomodating enough for business travel .
Worst hotel stay I ever had . This hotel was listed as a 5 star ( on priceline . com ) ? I have travelled quite a bit and stayed at a range of hotels . This hotel rates worse than 2 and 3 star hotels i have stayed at ; in Amsterdam and throughout Europe and Middle East . The only good thing that can be said about this hotel is the location . Other than that , this hotel is very dirty . The room smelled terribly . It has not been updated in decades . Stains all over the furniture and comforters . My wife would not remove her shoes . After the first night , I checked out and stayed elsewhere , incurring a loss . I was absolutely amazed that people could write anything positive about this place , or even pay top dollar to stay here .
3 stars hotel , 5 stars location . The room was specious and very clean . However , the furniture carpeting needs refurbishment . The hotel has a 5 star location in the centre of Amsterdam . 3 min . walk from central train station and a few min . walk from Dam square . The room service menu and hotel restaurant was a real disappointment . The internet rates are incredibly expensive 5 euro for 1 hour , 20 for a day , 88 for a week .
Disappointed . We came to Holland to pick up a puppy . We got written approval before hand to have our puppy stay at the hotel , but once we arrived they told us dog were not allowed . Also , we arrived early and after a ten hour flight they would n't let us have a room even if we paid extra , so we stayed in the waiting area for five hours before anyone would alow us our room and get some sleep . So our trip started off right away on the wrong foot . The room was small and had no AC , on top of that the day time temp . was running 90 degrees . The only place we had to get cool was in the resturant or waiting area . The food was good and the hotel was fairly clean , but once our first three days were up we went to get our pup and never came back . The little hotel in the country had much better food , service and much larger room for a lot less money . The new hotel was dog friendly and we could even take our pup into their fancy French resturant . There were a lot of people there with dogs and made our stay so much more enjoyable ! Watch out for pick pockets around this area ! ! !
One NIght in Amsterdam . I have to say this was a great location for a quick trip through Amsterdam . We only had one night waiting on a flight to connect to the States . I called ahead to let them know we would be arriving early in the morning . The hotel did accomodate us , check in was quick and easy . The young men at the desk were very helpful . I did not see the perks that other five star hotels offer ( ie . shuttle from airport ) , but it was comfortable and a great spot to tour from . We had a great trip . It was in walking distance to the Central train station , a lot of nice shops and resturants in walking distance . Our room overlooked an alley , so not a great view , but the room was comfortable . There was a lot of noise in the alley after midnight . I talked to the front desk about it in the morning , and they said I should have called them . Overall we had a nice stay . I would stay again , but not in an alley room .
Great location . Room 402
Lots of others to choose . Generally a good Amsterdam hotel in a great location . A few small defects spoiled it for us . Original check in clerk was quite snooty and unfriendly . The room was good but the double bed was actually two beds pushed together with separate sheets etc . We asked for smoking room but did n't get it . Neighbours were noisey . The cabbie that the hotel called for us to get us to the airport did a tour and it was 17 Euro more than the inward trip . He seemed to know the snooty guy ) . BUT , bar staff and luggage people were very friendly . Only one beer on tap , though . Would n't stay again .
Good Location . We read mixed reviews of this hotel before we travelled . We arrived at 9 . 30 a . m and were given a welcome drink and a free breakfast and told rooms would be ready at 1 . 00 p . m . The room was small but very clean and the location was brilliant i do not understand people who complain about this hotel . GET A LIFE ! ! ! ! ! !
nice hotel good location for wkend trip . I found this hotel was ok . The location is excellent for a trip to Amsterdam only a short walk to everywhere you need to go . I think it was rated as a 4 star but i would have thought it 's more like a 3 star hotel . The breakfast is very expensive 20 per person . The rooms are a decent size and were clean and comfy . The decor was just a bit outdated . Apparently hotels in amsterdam are quite expensive so I 'd say this would be a standard 4 star over there . Dam square is lively and there is lots going on there during the day . You would be right next to shopping areas , canal tours , madamme tussauds , close to red light district and anne frank house . Van gogh museum is about 20 mins walk away . Also big tip for anyone do n't get a taxi from the airport . It cost us 50 euro and was only about 15 mins in a taxi . I do n't think they are regulated so they charge what they like . There is a train from central station that will take you straight to the airport for a few euro . Its a few hundred yards from the hotel .
just perfect . this hotel is truely the best in amsterdam and an enjoyable place to stay . This is the 3rd time my wife and i stayed there and this time was flawless as usual . We had a big room and our own little private terrace with private entrance , our 3 pound little dog just loved it and felt like home immediately . The staff is just great and they bend over backwards to assist , i honestly cant find anything bad to say about the pulitzer and staff given the price / reward ratio . In fact by looking @ price / reward i find the Pulitzer to be in the highest category of 5 star hotels ive been to . . . truely a bargain . Location just cant be beat . . . . you want to be on prinzen / heren / kaiserstraat simply bcs its a true pictoresque neighborhood and best of all is close to everything and anything . This place is killer and happy to return shortly . . .
great hotel . We had a great stay at this hotel . Joined the loyalty club and got some goodies in the room . the room was clean , average size for an european hotel . the location was good that it was central on Dam square , however we had a street facing room and sometimes the noise came in off the street . the front desk employees were very helpful .
Let Down ; Gross and Tiny Rooms - Great Staff .
Great location . My wife and I stayed at the Swissotel for a brief 2 night stay in Amsterdam ( Sept . ' 07 ) . I booked our room very last minute after deciding to switch hotels 2 days prior to our arrival most likely resulting in a rather high room rate . Amsterdam is a very expensive city when it comes to lodging however the Swissotel is worth it if you get a fairly reasonable rate . The location is perfect ! It is a very easy walk from the train station to the hotel . It is right next to Dam square and a very close walk to the red light district . All of Amsterdam 's tourist attractions are very close and we walked everywhere . The staff were friendly and spoke very good english . The rooms were a bit small ( normal for european standards ) but were clean . The Swissotel offers a nice place to relax after experiencing all of what Amsterdam has to offer . Bottom line : Location is great ! Staff nice . Clean hotel . Decent but overpriced food . Quality bathroom . Safe provided . Internet access in hotel . . . . In all I would return to Swissotel but would not pay $ 517 US dollars a night ( my fault for changing at last minute ) . If you are looking for pure luxury then do not stay here but if you just want a nice place to stay while you enjoy Amsterdam then this should work well .
Utterly disappointed with the Swissotel in Damrak . Given the group 's reputation and the rates , you can imagine our disappointment when my fiance I turned up for a w / e break at the hotel to find the exterior of the hotel covered in scaffolding . Despite exchanging several mails with the reservations desk at the hotel , there was no mention of the fact that there would be builders present during our stay when we booked the room . We had specifically requested a superior room with a king size bed , so I was rather peeved to find that not only did our room have the picturesque view of a brick wall but that our king size bed was in fact two single mattresses pushed together . Upon mentioning this to the hotel staff , we were upgraded to a junior suite , although not before I was quizzed by a second member of staff as to why I wanted to move rooms in the first place . Her tone was offensive to say the least . Imagine our delight when at 7 . 15 the next morning , I found a couple of builders outside our window hammering away for Queen and country . The manager said he completely understood my feelings when I raised all these points with him but his contrition lasted all of two minutes . He offered to reduce the room rates by the pricely sum of 30 per night . There were no apologies and he certainly did n't appear to regret the fact that between his badly - trained staff and the builders , they 'd managed to ruin our weekend . The restaurant bar proudly boasted on its website that it stayed open till midnight . When we turned up , it shut its ' doors at 7 . 30 p.m for Summer Closing . Call me cynical , but surely the summer opening hours should be longer , not shorter than winter hours . Overall , the Swissotel in Damrak was of a very poor standard and it clearly does not derserve its four stars .
Great small hotel . We thoroughly enjoyed our weeklong stay at Hotel Fita . Our group of four stayed in two rooms , both of which were large , clean , and airy . We especially appreciated the help of Loes de Rapper in making trip suggestions for travel outside of Amsterdam . We found the location , breakfast , and the facilities to be excellent . The extras of free laundry , internet access , and long distance phone calls were much appreciated , since we were traveling to a couple other locations and could confirm our arrangements . We would highly recommend the hotel and its hosts for any travelers , but especially those who appreciate a safe , clean , and quiet location near the museums , tram stop , and parks .
Less than what I expected . The Hotel Nadia was okay . Just okay . The room was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed at in my life ! I could n't dream of unpacking a thing . Not a thing . And the breakfast was very basic ; bread , cheese , croissant , coffee . . . that 's it . I have stayed in Amsterdam before and have paid less for more . . . much more . The staff however was very nice and very helpful . I do feel though that they were obsessed with what their rating from me would be . It 's amazing what the Travel Site ratings impact is on hotels now . I think they get terrified of getting a negative review . Sometimes I wonder how much these reviews are ' rigged ' . So , I will give them a neutral .
great location , mediocre quality . We stayed here for about a week over new years . the great thing about this hotel is that when you finally arrive at centraal station after a long and tiring plane ride , you do n't have to walk very far at all before you 're greeted by the site of this historic looking hotel . the locatation is superb , as it is within a few minutes of dam square and has easy metro access to get to such venues as the van gogh museum . on the other hand , this hotel is NO WHERE NEAR 4 STAR QUALITY . Do not let the online travel sites fool you . This is a solid 3 star hotel ( no , not even 3 . 5 stars ) . There 's nothing particularly bad about it , but it 's not anything you 'll be writing home about either . The rooms are somewhat small and the bathrooms are cramped . maid service was absent throughout our stay , but that did n't bother us . They did leave fresh towels outside the door every morning . All in all , a decent place to stay , but I would n't recommend it if you 're trying to impress anyone ( ie your significant other ) . you 'll both be somewhat disappointed by the size and quality of the rooms .
So - so . This hotel is located directly on Dam Square , in the historic center of Amsterdam . Incidentally , it is also on the edge of the red light district . The rooms are spacious but dated and in need of renovation ( especially the bathrooms ) . The common areas could be updated as well . We ended up moving after two nights .
Disappointing View from window
Tiny rooms , good location , one bad front desk attendant . We arrived at Banks Mansion to find ourselves in a 200 - 300 square foot room , with a canal view , but that was just about the only nice thing about this hotel . Sure , there are three glass carafes of alcohol in the room , a mini - bar which gets restocked daily by the maids , and a coffee machine in the lobby , but for me , the open glass containers of liquor seemed particularly unsafe - as a previous guest could easily put whatever they want inside them and the next guest would never know ( they are merely refilled , not new for each guest ) . The window / doors overlooking the canal were openable , sort of , as the side of the bed was within 2 feet of that wall , and the room was only 3 feet wider than the length of the bed anyway . It made for a lot of zig zagging around to get past the furniture to look out the window . We wanted to change rooms , but there were n't any better / larger ones , other than the honeymoon suite , which already had occupants . We told the front desk person , Pamela , that we would let her know by the next morning if we were going to move to a new hotel , but as we were only staying for 3 days , we decided to just deal with the cramped quarters and try to have a good time outside the room . The next morning Pamela called and asked whether we were leaving . We confirmed that we were going to stay , as we would have told her otherwise by 10am . When we left the hotel to sight - see around 11am , Pamela accosted us and basically demanded that we check out . She had told another person that they could have our room , even though we never said we were actually leaving . She was extremely rude , and was trying to salvage herself due to her own poor decision to try to book the room without confirmation from us that we were leaving . She argued with my boyfriend for about 30 minutes as we were leaving , and made me feel very uncomfortable in that I was n't sure if she was crazy enough to actually move our things from the room and kick us out . I hoped it would n't come to that , but this was my first trip to Europe , so I was n't sure ! Once my boyfriend got tired of arguing with her he told her to sort it out with American Express , and I guess that must have convinced her to give up on trying to kick us out . I spent the entire day somewhat worried about it though until we got back that evening to find our room still accessible by keycard . I wish we had never even gone into that hotel . The hotel is located just around the corner from Rembrandtplein , which is a reasonably safe area with coffee shops , restaurants , and vendors . I definitely do NOT recommend Banks Mansion ! Stay elsewhere and you will be much happier !
Be aware here ! Can be a good hotel in a great location . The only thing I 'd be aware of is the big difference in rooms . Some rooms are bigger and nicer than others . Lots of variations . I 've stayed here numerous times and have seen at least 5 different styles of rooms in the same price catagory . If you do n't like where you 're at , ask to change . Has a really nice buffet and bufett room though , and all the services of a big nice hotel . Not a first choice for me , because of the room variation . We often have to go for conferences however .
Enjoyable stay . After seeing so many bad reviews on here , we were dreading staying at the Victoria . But I have to say we did n't come across any of the problems like dirty cramped rooms , rough towels , poor service . The only complaint I have is that when we arrived around 10am , I asked if they would look after our luggage until we could check in . I was told there was no such facility , so we had to wait a few hours in the bar next door with our bags . When we came to check out , we saw the porter storing bags , and asked if we could do the same , he said checking in or checking out so the facility was there all along . Apart from that we had an excellent stay in a superior room in a hotel very centrally located . I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone .
Great Location ! ! ! This is just a great hotel all around ! To start the rooms are ultra - modern and very large , especially for European hotels , Very new and clean . The location is unbeatable . It is right in the middle of the Damsquare within walking distance of the Centraal Station . In the area there are numerous restaraunts and places to shop . Shopping can range from high end to simple souvenirs . You are also a couple blocks away from the red light district and many museums . The hotel has air conditioning and a free internet lounge . The staff is very helpful . You will not want to leave this hotel ! ! !
In No Way a Four Star Hotel . This hotel is really not what it claims to be . It has ended up as part of Le Meridien as a result of their various mergers / demergers but it is in no way of international 4 or even 3 star standard . Reception were friendly and efficient but the decor is very dated and the rooms are horrible - small , tatty , very badly furnished . Even the bed would disgrace even a modest hotel . Le Meridien should either sell or sort out this hotel . At the moment it lets down their group . Location is good so if u get a VERY cheap rate u might risk it for leisure . But after a hard days work you will want somewhere better than this which is barely of tourist class . Must do better .
Small but perfectly formed . I have been coming to Amsterdam every week for some months now with work . It 's been the Easter holidays so I 've found many of the hotels booked out . I had been checking Tripadvisor and Hotel Nadia was quite high up the list . I like my creature comforts when I 'm away and to be honest with you , my heart sank when I walked up to the front of the hotel , it did n't look great . . . I always think you should n't judge a book by it 's cover though . The people on reception were very friendly and helpful . The room was small , and a little noisy ( it was at the front of the hotel next to the main road ) , if you get a chance ask for a room with a canal view as it will be on the side of the hotel where there 's less traffic . Other than being small the room had everything you 'd need , there was also free wi-fi which is hard to find in Amsterdam . It 's really close and easy to walk to Centraal Station as well as all of the tourist spots nearby . All in all a very pleasant ( and cheap ) stay , I 'm sure I will be back there .
not worth 4*s . great location . lovely lobby . nice staff . then to the room . It was just a standard room but in a 4* hotel it should have been better . The decor was stark . The carpet was very stained with goodness know what . the pillows were like bricks . I had to remake the bed the bedding was all crumpled . At least you had some english tv channels . Breakfast was not included , but at the price even a continental would have been nice . There is a very nice take away sandwich shop near by . I was dissapointed .
Friendly staff , smelly rooms . The staff at the Nadia Hotel were very friendly gave us a great overview of the city when we arrived . We were very impressed with how helpful they were the free breakfast service was also a nice bonus ( mostly bread jams ) . If you 're on a budget , this place is fine . However , the room was clean but smelly ( old pipes ? ) and very small . The door hits the bed and there is little room for suitcases . The location was mediocre - close to the Anne Frank museum and the main canals , but not the best area . I 'd recommend spending more and staying closer to the Leidesplien . The Nadia Hotel was n't terrible , but I would not recommend this place to friends because of the smell location .
Cheap and cheerfull . Just come back from 4 nights here and was again treated very well from the staff . I have stopped here before and can highly recommend it , the rooms are small , but they have everything u need , the rooms are clean and it 's also quiet . The price is very reasonable considering the location and I would definately stop again if there are rooms available . I can recommend it and you wont be disapointed if youve booked a room here .
liked it for the most part . We stayed at Hotel Estherea May 9 - 12th . for the most part I agree with everything that has been written about the hotel . great location , it has been recently renovated and is quite lovely , close to shopping and restaurants etc . The tea / cofee station is a great plus in the lobby . The ambience in the lobby is pleasant and welcoming . Breakfast is okay , nothing special . I did wish they served even a light dinner as we were travelling with elderly parents and this would have suited them quite nicely some nights . Here are some other things that we did not like . My in - laws stayed in room 412 which overlooked the canal , the room is small but adequate and they enjoyed it . Overall they found it quiet enough for sleeping with the exeption of one night when people were quite rowdy for sometime in a boat in the canal below them . My husband , daughter and I had a triple - room 419 which overlooked the back of the hotel . not the most pleasant view , walls of graffiti etc . The main problem was the noise all night long of cars flying past the window and the voices from the street may as well have been in our room . we did not sleep well at all and one night not all . The room was very nice , our daughter had a pull out bed from the wall which was very comfortable as was our bed . I definitely would not stay in that room again . The bathroom is quite small , even for European size . There was nowhere to put toilitries etc but that was not a huge deal . The main thing that I did not like was the front desk staff . there was an older gentleman ( I believe already mentioned in former reviews ) who was verging on rude . I truly believed he thought he was there for reasons other than serving the customer . he was very unapproachable and gave the impression as you walked towards him that he would rather have disappeared . There was also a young lady on the desk who was very abrasive and had a very take it or leave it attitude . I saw them make fun of the customer behind their back on more than one occasion . something they should be more aware of . On the positive side there was a bar man who has been with the hotel for 6 months , regretfully we did not get his name . He was excellent and went far beyond customer service with a very pleasant attitude . He truly seemed to like his job . I will say that my husband became ill while we were there with a fever and infected throat and they were very good at getting a doctor , and when I asked for some toast to be sent up they sent up a tray of snacks all complimentary and wished him a speedy recovery . Over all we enjoyed staying at this hotel but I will say I was put off with the haughtiness of these two reception staff . someone should remind them that we are the customer and they should demonstrate better customer care . Unfortunately I tended to treat them the way I felt we were being treated so that likely did not help matters . Finally I would like to stay here again but only if we could be guaranteed a quieter room , and also if they gave their staff some training .
great location , lovely staff . Excellent location ( in the lovely Jordaan district ) and very friendly and obliging staff . The room was v small but fine for my needs and had been recently refurbished . Breakfast was good , although the breakfast room was quite cramped . As with many Amsterdam Hotels - there is a steep staircase and lots of steps ! But I would certainly recommend the Hotel Nadia
concierge excellent , rooms boooo . Well stayed there for a week 23rd dec till 29 dec 07 . Good stuff first . Concierge were great booked us a very nice good quality restuarant on the 24th for dinner , also advised us well on everything we needed . Reception , bar area was nice and modern , the only problem was that the bar was a smoking area and for us that was a problem as the was no division between smoking and non smoking . The hotels location was great especially when you are arriving via train , just oppsite the train station and at the start of damark street . Room are ok , but not a 4 star standard . Would recommend this hotel although for its location .
A Fantastic Break . We had read the reviews and some were positive and others not and I was a little concerned as I had booked this last minute but I have to say we had a great time at the Victoria . The staff were brilliant . There was a lovely lady on reception called Ina who was very helpful , Sebastian in the restaurant was very informative regarding the food . Three nights we eat in the restaurant and each meal was a delight . My only little moan was breakfast , some of hot items were not hot , there was plenty of food and I realise its difficult looking after the vast amount of guests , but you do pay 20Euros for breakfast so its not cheap . We will be returning to the Victoria as it was a lovely hotel , just opposite the station so we had no dificulty in finding the hotel . An ideal location for a tourist .
1st class location , Basil Fawlty staff . The Hotel 's location is brilliant , and within walking distance of the rest of the city . The Moroccan door and bar staff likewise were helpful , polite and efficient . Bad news is that the Dutch ( and / or European ) staff on reception and management were lazy , rude , complacent and could not manage anything without conflict including the printing a bill when checking out . After refusing them a carte blanche on my credit card they remarkably had a working computer and printer , after claiming billing problems . They then tried to pull the same trick on Asian members of my traveling party . When I left , the lobby resembled the port at Rotterdam all morning because someone could not organize somewhere else ( e . g . an empty conference room ? ) to put the luggage of a German coach holiday . Given the attitude of the senior staff , I think they may be getting more English stag parties and elderly coach tourists than those the Starwood group desire .
good for the price . Stayed for the nights for a total of 300e prepaid , good value at this price . Location easy . Receptionist polite although under great pressure as hotel was full . Didnt eat in hotel . Room in wing needed sprucing up but other wise fine . Quiet for Amsterdam . Some of the common areas in the wing need sprucing up too . Pool not a common facility in Amsterdam . Stayed here before and will again but depends on price here and elsewhere .
recommended 100 % . 5 mins from central station , 7.50 taxi fare from station , 5 mins from dam square , ticks all the right boxes , i would have qualms about stopping here again the next time i 'm in amsterdam . the hotel was run by friendly staff and the rooms where cleaned daily , rooms where reasonably priced and comfortable , if your considering stopping then you have no worries that you will be dissapointed .
Good job we were n't health and safety inspectors ! We had been looking forward to our three days in Amsterdam for months , unfortunately the hotel was a let down to our holiday . First off , the room was not ready when we arrived . After returning later in the day to settle in , we were shocked to find . . . . 1 ) The amount of steep stairs to access the hotel 2) The overall lack of cleanliness - the room was literally caked in dust , including in the cracks in the wall . You were not only looking at dust through the window , it flew around the room visibly in the sunlight ! The safe was covered in dust and so was the fan , and the carpet did not look like it had been vacuumed since it has been opened . 3 ) The size of the room - you could not fully open the door as it hit the desk , and you could n't even get your case through ! The walkway between both beds was literally a matter of inches . 4 ) The beds : One 's mattress was larger than the base so that it pushed you out of bed and forced you onto the floor due to such worn springs . The other was literally hanging out of the window and the blanket got lost down the gap ! They seemed itchy and infested - the place felt alive with bugs and no matter how long you spent in the shower , you did n't feel clean 5) The breakfast consisted of cold bread , crackers , and cake . Anyone with a wheat intolerance would go hungry ! No hot food was offered at all 6) The bathroom was like a portacabin but smaller , with a shower which flooded and a toilet which broke during our stay 7) The TV remote did n't work properly and was constantly stuck on one setting . We were always offered free drinks from the bar , almost as if the staff felt embarrassed by the hotel . We also had our picture taken with reception staff with the promise that it would be emailed to us when we returned to England . However , since being back we have received nothing and feel this is the last insult from this hotel . DEFINITELY one to avoid for all travellers who like a clean place to stay .
Feels Like You Live in Amsterdam . Perfect retreat in a quiet but central area of the city , Seven Bridges makes you feel like you 're at home . Breakfast is served in your room where there is table space in front of a beautiful picture window . Room 8 overlooked gardens , but all the rooms had beautiful views . Beds were very comfortable . Evenings were quiet for sleeping . Canal location is gorgeous . The best thing were the hosts as they were as accomodating as possibe - gave guidance on restaurants , provided laptop for use for free internet , provided a great fan when needed ( perfect for noise masker and cooling as we like the room cold ) . You get your own key to the front door so you can come and go as you please . Drawbacks are the very steep stairs ( almost ladder like ) and the lack of air conditioning ( though most places in Amsterdam do not have AC ) . But overall , the room quality , cleanliness , breakfast and hospitality make this a true bargain .
More Like a Run - Down Westin . I definitely agree with other reviewers who wrote that the Pulitzer is not up to Luxury Collection standards . We booked our hotel through the Starwood Preferred Guest program and even received one night free with our points . Between the points and a corporate rate , we were only supposed to pay about 800 Euros for a 5 night stay , which seemed very reasonable . When we arrived , we received the same treatment at the front desk as many previous reviewers . . . They had trouble deciphering the reservations booked by our Starwood agent , they made us wait 5 hours for a room ( we arrived at 9:00 a . m . , which I imagine is typical for most American travelers since overnight flights are our only option ) , and they were generally disorganized and not very cordial ( though not rude ) . The front desk clerk finally got it together and told me we had received a complimentary upgrade on some nights to include breakfast ( since two of our three reservations included it and one did not ) . Our room was a spacious ( by European standards ) canal - front room . It was clean and bright . The bathroom was small ( shower / bathtub combo and a single sink ) , but pretty and did have GREAT water pressure . The air conditioner worked very well , which was on the sometimes - warm August days . The TV was older - no flat panels here . The furniture was nice but shabby - scratched and dented . Being on the canal had its perks , but we could hear people walking by ( talking , shouting and laughing ) until the wee hours . Ear plugs helped with this problem . There were fairly major renovations on our floor which we were not notified about before arriving or at check in . They were painting the walls outside of our room and replacing all of the carpet while we were there . We heard banging during the day . Most luxury hotels will avoid booking rooms around this sort of renovation - or at the very least warn the guests - but not the Pulitzer . The services and food offered by the hotel are very expensive . Internet was over $ 20 / day , many of the tours offered by the concierge desk topped 200 Euros , and while the breakfast was great , I would n't spend the extra 75 Euros a night to include it in the price of my room ( seemingly the only differentiator between a regular room and executive ) . We did spend 38 Euros pp to take a 1 . 5 hour ride on their lovely canal boat , which would have been great if not for a family with a baby who showed up late with a stroller and displaced other passengers . At check - out , we found out that they had not reconciled our Starwood reservations after all and had been charging us for the free upgrade we received at check - in . We were bring charged an extra 400 Euros for our stay . We were able to negotiate down to just 125 Euros and finally gave up . It was time to go home and leave the Pulitzer behind us ! !
Nothing Worse ! I am shocked by the other reviews . I travel for business on a daily basis and I stay at hotels all over the world . I have never been at a hotel that I wanted to leave so fast . They claim to be a five star . . if you have stayed at a five star ( or even a three star ) anywhere in the world you would recognize this place should be rated at no more than a three star . Rooms are decent I will give them credit for that and location is decent . . . However my understanding of what makes you a five star versus a 3 or four star is the service . . . . First I was called and then sent a letter to the room to find out if the front check in attendant asked me for money . . I said yes she asked me for an extra 50 Euro and it was standard request . . The lady on the phone says . . well we understand there is a problem and we will credit your account . . however you might have trouble if you order room service . . . I was shocked needless to say that they basically accused the front desk of stealing . . . I make the next biggest mistake of going to eat at the resturant . . and eating . . . I got violently ill . . . I spent the next day in bed . . . I return to the Bar the next night after recovering . . and the bar tender asks me how my night was . . . I mention how ill I got and he asked what I ate I mentioned it an he shook his head and bought me a shot . . . WHAT ? ? ? ? Then I have been paying 20 Euros a night for internet . . I called down on the 4th day and said I have not been able to stay connected for more that 5 minutes . . . I was told it was n't there problem call a international number . . . ( I was rude and I said ) I thought this was a five star hotel that I am paying a decent amount to stay at and - - - I was told would you like me to give you the number again . . . . I said no I do not want the number again and I was hung up on . . . . So again the hotel is nice . . the rooms are decent . . but if you are coming here for the service that you expect for wha they claim to be . . . I would recommend saying at a Hostel they would be much more courtesy that the service I received here . I was absolutley appauled . . I know I was rude with the last comment . However it was honest . I wish I experienced the service that the previous guests experienced .
Good value , excellent staff . My friend and I wanted to go to Amsterdam for a couple of days . We were looking for a 4*hotel , centrally located and The Park Hotel had a very good offer which was within our budget . We heard that the location of the hotel is the place to be as it is within minutes walk from the Leidseplein and all the musea . Very convenient ! The building suits nicely in the Amsterdam architecture and the check - in was smooth and friendly . We were lucky to get one of the refurbished rooms and they looked clean and bright . The hotel has not the latest modern amenities and businesslike atmosphere like most of the airport hotels but it is definitely cosy and the staff is really friendly . After a long day of shopping ( just around the corner ! ) we had a very tasty dinner in the typical Dutch restaurant and some drinks in the bar that gives great views . We had a fun weekend in Amsterdam and the good deal with the hotel made it a memorable experience .
Good Hotel . Booked this Hotel for us and some friends , for our first visit to Amsterdam , after looking at consumer reviews on this web site . Our room was not as large as I envisaged but was very clean and very comfortable , Fully equipped . Bathroom was very nice although we did struggle to get the shower set up so we did n't flood the bathroom ! ! On arrival , at check in staff heard mention that it was one of our freinds birthdays . A bottle of wine was sent to their room with the Hotels compliments . A very nice touch . Location of the Swissotel is superb . A gentle walk from Central Station and right on Dam Square so everywhere was easy to get to . Good security with key card required to access lifts and stairs to bedrooms . Would definitely book here again if returning to Amsterdam .
Did n't work out , but they were professional and helpful . We had made reservations for this hotel but there were several problems and the place did not fit my needs . To the front desk 's credit they very professional and understanding when circumstances forced me to cancel my reservation .
The perfect spot away from the crowds . M and C from San Mateo , CAWe just returned from a 5 - night stay at the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam . The location , near the Van Gogh Museum ( quiet , safe , on public transportation ) , the helpful owners and hotel staff , the breakfast buffet with fresh squeezed orange juice and all the other perks ( free international calls , free internet , free laundry service , small but serviceable elevator ) made this a perfect choice . If you choose a smaller room , Hans will store your luggage . We would stay here again and will recommend it to our friends !
Kudos to Nadia Hotel . We stayed at the Nadia 1 night before we went on Safari and then another 2 nights on return . They not only stored some of our luggage , but also had a Welcome Home bouquet for us on our return from Africa . The manager and his staff are extremely friendly and helpful and make every attempt to make your stay in Amsterdam memorable . The location is great with a bus and tram stop less than a block away . Many rooms face the canal . We were in Room 413 which was delightful . Breakfast is included and is in a bright , airy flower - filled room ; coffee and tea service are provided in your room . Even though this is a budget hotel , it is clean and is a great value , with many amenities . Yes , there are steep steps , but they provide much needed exercise for most of us . ( There is always someone there to take your luggage up and down from street level . )
Gorgeous hotel , great location , tiny and noisy rooms . The desk and the flat screen TV
Loved this quaint european hotel ! Just got back from the Estherea . What a beautiful charming hotel . The decor is quite nice , rooms are spacious , and the location is excellent . I would highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in Amesterdam . Very nice place . Hope to return in the future !
Disappointed . We were disappointed with the Swissotel in Amsterdam . We had reserved a smoking room with a king bed but were told they had only no smoking rooms available upon check in . They offered a smoking room with two twin beds but I refused and demanded a complete refund . Seems to me when a four star hotel takes your money in advance to hold a reservation - they ought to have a room you agreed to . Finally they decided to let us smoke in a non smoking room with a king bed as long as we keep the window open . To top it all off the room had NO view . The window literally opened directly to a large bank of airconditioning and heating equipment despite advertisements boasting all rooms had a view of either Dam Square or a side shopping street . All in all very disappointing . Next trip I will try the Krasnapolsky across the street .
Clean and in a good safe location . The Pancake Bakery pancake !
Would Stay There Again and Again . I have been to Amsterdam a half - dozen times in the last few years , and Seven Bridges is where I will stay the next time and the time after that . The location is nearly unbeatable . The view from canal - side rooms is unbeatable . The rooms are charming , spotless and spacious . The price was right . I have paid a lot more for standard Amsterdam charmless fare , but I wo n't again .
Nothing very five - star . Certainly a comfortable hotel and well located . But hardly five star . The grandly named Pulitzer Gym is a tiny , hidden room with a few exercise machines ( attached to mostly unworking televisions ) . The hotel seems to nickel - and - dime everything , including the amenities that are offered to Starwood Preferred Guest Platinum members . An unhelpful front - desk clerk kept insisting - - repeatedly - - that a reservation did n't include breakfast , even though it was noted on the written confirmation . Double - billed for internet use , etc . Room service trays were left in the hallways for hours and hours .
Disappointing . Several problems found on the hotel ( we stayed in room 451 facing the roof of the hotel ) : - We booked the hotel from Portugal through a travel agency . There was no info about diferent rooms , no info about diferent prices or even no info about diferent features of the rooms . - At check in they gave us a , what they called , standard room , that means it has no air conditioned , no locker and they are tiny rooms . - We complaint at the reception and it was told us that we could have a , what they called , executive room for an extra 50  Or else we had to stick with our tiny , dusty , hot room . - We took a look at the new room . . . it does n't worth the 50 per nigth , but what the hell , we took it . - The beds were terribly uncomfortable . One of them had a big whole where should be the mattress . - They left dirty towels in the bathroom in 3 diferent days . In the first day we complaint , but nothing was done . - On the last day , even a ripped towel was left on the bathroom - The room was extremely dusty . - The shower switcher was broken and always fawlling off . - The eyespy on the door was covered with paper left there by previous guests . There was a warning on the door that says always look through the eyespy and be sure when you open the door . The room service is always confirmed by phone . This does n't give the guests any security warranty . - In the breakfast when it is near the closing time for the breakfast buffet the waiters make some ultimatums to the guests : The buffet is going to close in 10 minutes . If you want anything else you have to go there now and take it from the buffet . - We found in 2 or 3 days all the dirty towels from the rooms through out the corridors on floor . No wonder if they get dirty . . . . - In the breakfast buffet , on the last day , the ice used to keep the fruit cold started melting e falled on the floor . The maintenance was called right away . No problem until here . The problem starts when some of the waiters start trying to dry the floor with the table towels . Has a conclusion : If i was expecting to stay in a youth hostel all this things were minor problems . But we stayed at a 4 star hotel , on a called executive room . From my point of view this is unacceptable . I agree with one of the reviews here , the hotel deserves a 2 star at the most . The location of the hotel is n't everything . The city has very good public transportation . It is probably a better choice to stay in a hotel outside the city center and use the tram and other public transportation .
Not what one expects . After much research , I finally decided on this hotel because of its position in Amsterdam and being classed asluxury seemed an ideal choice for my daughter and I to spend a weekend as her special birthday treat . I had warned her not to expect a very large room as the hotel is situated in the old canal houses along Prisengracht , what we did not expect was a small room in the attic which had a very noticeable odour . We tracked it down to the AC . The ceiling and upper walls showed obvious traces of damp along the tapes of the plasterboard , even a puddle shaped seepage onto the top of a pelmet over a ( very ) small window . Obviously the roof is leaking above this gable and the AC is blasting tainted air into the room . At Reception the Night - Duty Manager ( female ) whose name I have noted , appeared to resent being interrupted whilst in conversation with a friend , her expression when I told her what we thought was the cause ; practically a sneer of disbelief . Her solution ? To spray the room ! This was not acceptable for health reasons . At no point did she seem interested , I could feel my professional face about to develop . Because I did not wish to spoil my daughter 's first visit , I did not pursue the matter as vociferously as I would normally , or when with my husband . When we arrived back after an evening out , the curtain fabric had obviously been sprayed with a deodouriser ! ! Our own solution was to keep the AC off , which was only possible because the weather grew cooler . I do not expect this level of disinterest in ANY hotel . Also , the hotel would be advised to forget the waffles , chocolate and water freebies and provide tea and coffee making facilities . In conclusion , a disappointing choice when one compares this hotel with others experienced , of a supposed lesser category . The room had one window above head height , the other at desk height and faced a wall .
Unreliable quality and poorly set out . I have stayed here twice recently and have to say I am extremely disappointed in it . I always stay at Starwood hotels and I have found the Luxury collection to be uniformly very good , except for this one . I stayed during the week on a business trip . The general running of the place was poor and reception was often unattended , when it is they seem to do the minimum they can for you . For example they do n't serve food in the bar or restaurant after 11.00 pm . Also , simple requests are never followed through and this includes my wake up call which did n't happen and asking for an iron which never arrived . The rooms are also hit and miss , the first time I stayed I was in a great room with a canal view and the second one was tiny and looked on to a white washed wall . For nearly 300Euro you do feel a bit cheated with the whole experience . I really ca n't see how it gets away with claiming to be in any way a ' luxury hotel . It 's a row of houses converted into a hotel which is run in a poor to decidedly average manner . Overall if you stayed once you might get lucky and have a decent experience , equally you could be let down by poorly trained staff and find yourself looking at a white wall in your tiny room . It 's quirky and unique but if you want a reliable standard of room and staff quality I would advise you to go to one of the better know chain hotels , at least you know what to expect . If you want something a bit different I am sure you will find a Bed and Breakfast of better quality at a fraction of the price .
Not a prize - winning hotel . . . This was my second stay at the Hotel Pulitzer . I mainly chose the property for it 's location ( I used to live in the neighborhood and absolutely love the area ) . Unfortunately , my recent trip to Amsterdam followed two stays at true five - star hotels . 5 Issues:1 . It 's overpriced and they charge you for everything . When you request a canal view room , be aware that even if it is available and the hotel is not full , they will still charge you for the view and not even consider a courtesy upgrade . 2 . The front - desk staff is friendly , but makes a lot of mistakes . They seem to be a little behind on information regarding your reservation ( what is the point of calling Starwood to update your credit card info if they are n't going to update the system and you have to do it again with the front desk person ? ) . There was a lot of confusion around what my reservation entailed ( breakfast , payment with reward points , people in the room ) and I had to correct them about not having breakfast , not paying with reward points , and being the only one in the room . 3 . The rooms are in desperate need of renovation . How odd is it to get the same room twice ? Well I did , and since staying in it 3 years ago , not a single thing changed . I was surprised to find chipping paint in the bathroom ( which is also poorly lit ) . 4 . It 's not really all that clean . My first hint that the cleaning staff was n't up to speed was when they knocked on my door at 11 am and I requested another hour and they rolled their eyes at me . In addition to their attitude , cobwebs and dust were prevalent and the only thing that changed from day to day was a made bed . Turn down service did n't even include a foot mat after my first day and I had to request a room service breakfast menu from reception when they did n't leave one after the first day . 5 . It 's not really all that luxurious . The bathroom is not grand and fabulous ( where 's the spacious tub , state of the art shower , flat - screen tv , and comfy chairs that are synonymous with luxury ? ? ? ) . The bed is comfy . . . but that 's about it . 3 Positive Aspects: 1. The location . You can hear the bells of Westerkerk and the canal location is exquisite . You are inside the centrum , which is key and you can walk everywhere . 2 . The concept . Staying in a canal house is an experience and makes the hotel very unique and Dutch . 3 . Some staff members . The room service staff and bar staff were friendly and professional , not to mention prompt and courteous . Overall , it 's not worth the price .
Very nice place . We have just returned from a 4 night anniversary trip to the Victoria hotel Amsterdam . There is no scaffolding or any other evidence of re - decorating . We were greeted by the very friendly staff and found our way through the swish hotel to our room . Everywhere was clean and sparkling and very modern looking . The room was nice and spacious ( 268 ) , chairs and tables , desk , wardrobe and well stocked mini bar . The bed was very comfortable and even had duvets with lovely soft covers rather than blankets and sheets ! Easily pleased ! ! The window looked out onto a small back street which did become a little noisy when people started to roll home around 2 - 3a . m or in the morning when the road sweepers came but it was fine with the window shut , and I did notice that we had air con although we did n't use it . The bathroom was fine , clean and well equipped and the shower nearly knocked us out it was so powerful ! We ate in the restaurant on one night when we were to tired to walk any further . The surroundings were lovely , with some great modern art on the walls and the staff were very polite and attentive . We had a 3 course meal each which was great and very reasonable at around 70 euros with drinks . We did n't have breakfast at the hotel which was expensive at 20 euros , instead we just tried a different cafe each morning around the local area . The cafes towards Haarlem st were better than the ones on Damrak . Having read the previous reviews of this hotel I would say that now all the decorations have been completed this hotel is up to its 4 star status . It was clean and modern with very helpful , proffessional staff . The location is great too , near the station and other landmarks and if you get lost around Amsterdam at least you only have to follow the signs back to Central station ! ! Used hotel . nl to book this hotel with a great discount rate .
Under no circumstances a 5 star hotel . You will have read from other irrate clients that this is not a 5 star service hotel . The prices are very high , even for a 5 star hotel . My problems began when i arrived early for check in - 10am . Despite being told several times over the phone that I would not have a problem getting a room with a canal view , on arrival with my girlfriend for a special stay in Amsterdam i was told that the only way of getting a room at 10am was paying an additional 30 euros . As you can imagine i refused - not a good way to start your holiday . The room was rather mediocre . Once again for 290 euros a night this room was rather depressing . Views looked out to another building almost immediatly opposite and the lack of light was depressing ( no ceiling light ) . Their was a tray of dirty food when we arrived to the room , two hours later still there . Someone came to fill the mini - bar whilst still sleeping , fair enough , it is a job that needs to be done . However , it does take the micky that someone else knocks on the door offering the same service whilst someone is already in your room . The staff were ok , nothing amazing , once again , a 3 / 4 star service . To all their fairness they refunded back 1 / 3 of my fee , that still leaves 200 euros for the night which is still a ludicrous price for that hotel - My advise ? Do n't bother .
Amersdam Victoria - Nice and Comfortable But Can Be Better . Stayed at the Amsterdam Victoria for 4 nights during our Benelux holiday in Aug 2003 . We were attracted by the good location ( only steps from the main train station ) and the good price that we got on the internet . The hotel does look old both from the outside and inside . This was compensated by decent service , polite receptionists and comfortable rooms . But it 's high time the management renovate the hotel .
Expensive . After reading mixed reviews I decided to stay here anyway . Partly because of the location , and partly because of the leisure facilities . I booked my room direct with the hotel and did pay and extortionate 390 euros per night . This was for an executive suite . MY first impression was the very friendly hotel staff . I walked in my room and was pleasantly suprised by the very large and well appointed room . I was quite happy . The following moring I decided to take half an hour in the sauna . Shocked to find a 9 euro charge to use it . Not only that 11euros an hour for the gym . After returning to my room after the first day i found the housekeeping very poor . The bed looked like it had be straightened as opposed to made . Bathroom had not at all been cleaned . and there was a glass that i had used still on the worktop . This stayed there for the whole 3 days . The second day the bed was infact changed ( had spilt juice on the pillow ) altho the cover was left in a heap on the sofa . Also lots of earyl moring noise for building work outside . Great location for centre of amsterdam . Excellent reception stafff . Poor house keeping . Good breakfast ( 20 euros though )
A faux pas . If we return to this hotel , it would only be its location . However there are plenty of hotels around there , which would certainly do more in every aspect than only acclaiming its history , reputation and services on pamphlets .
Felt like a princess ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night . It was my first time to Amsterdam and I was told the city is not known for there hotels . I was so impressed with our hotel , it was classy and vintage everything I was looking for . The room was so spacious and clean and it had a beautiful big canopy bed and a view that was to die for . Ask for a room looking onto the canal . My boyfriend had been to Amsterdam before and was never happy with the size of room as he is 6 ' 3 . He loved the hotel too ! It is also very central and easy to get around the city . I loved it and would definately go back .
Overbooked , no room when I arrived . I made a reservation with Hotels . com at the Banks Mansion in Amsterdam , and paid in advance with my credit card . When I arrived they told me they were overbooked and did n't have any rooms at all , even though I had prepaid . They put me in a cheaper hotel but I did n't get any refund of the price difference . The Swissotel where I had to stay instead was okay , but I saw they only charged the Banks Mansion 100 Euro , whereas I paid 150 to Hotels . com . I think it is inexcusable to overbook . It was a hassle and I did not get what I paid for .
Terrible value for money . Non - existent service , poor food , rude attitude , overwhelmed staff , noisy , stuffy rooms . Not one good thing to say except for location .
Great location but not 5 star . Stayed here for 3 nights in May 08 , in an executive canal room . Good stuff The location is the best in Amsterdam , away from the noise and sometimes seedy side of Amsterdam . The hotel is situated on a quiet picture postcard canal and our room ( 282d ) had lovely views of the canal on the ' back entrance ' and the houses with big tall windows and was light and sunny - worth staying here for location alone - only the Dylan would compare if you want quiet and upmarket residential area . Staff were friendly and most were helpful Great restaurants and bars nearby - would recommend the Koh i Noor indian around the corner - book in advance as it is small and well used by locals . Bed was superb - very comfortable , excellent linens and choice of pillows . Room very clean and housekeeping did provide turndown service etc Lots of hot water , marble bathroom good shower tub and plenty of toiletries refreshed daily . Towels soft and plentiful Did the hotel boat trip - went for 11am sunday which was quiet and wonderful and much better than the big tour water buses - worth the extra Food at b / fast was excellent although it did get very busy Bar was excellent although pricey , service very good . Free internet access and printing in the business centre - ideal for online check in conceirge helpful . Disappointing Whilst we had a good stay the hotel did not live up to 5 star expectations . The room was very small by luxury standards and the bathroom very very small - also it just did not seem like a 5 star hotel - great location but lacking in finess and service . The room was dated and showing signs of wear and tear - and this was very true of the whole hotel - lots of scuffed walls and dated carpets and the reception needs remodelling - we did ask to change rooms to something larger and more ' luxurious ' but were told that ours was one of the best executive rooms - and we were shocked ! As the hotel was full then no upgrades were available Due to the lack of soundproofing noise travels and we had noisy neighbours next door and above us which impacted on sleep . Our trip was a special occasion and we had booked champagne and flowers - neither of which were there on arrival and had to be chased - eventually delivered the next day - and the champagne was only a half bottle which was very mean - however the booking option does not say a full bottle but for the difference in price I had assumed it would be ! Due to the hotel being full , which it seems to be every weekend , and offers on for cheaper b / fasts before 9am then the best time seems to be about 9 . 45 am - peak time is 11am , and b / fast is served until 1pm on the weekends . Food was very good and plentiful ( with freshly squeezed OJ ) but the service struggled to keep up on saturday and sunday morning - monday was much better for service as a whole and I guess that during the week is much better and quietier . However they do have great coffee and lots of choices on the buffet . Overall a reasonable stay , not 5 star ( perhaps somewhere between 4 - 4 . 5 ) but the location and the bed / linens would mean that we would re visit - but would book well in advance to get the best rate - if you wait the rate only goes up ! We left it too late and paid too much for what we got . If you were getting this hotel ' free ' with points it would be a bargin espiecally if you could get a canal view room - however if booking again I would state a room on a high floor as the canal can be noisy at weekends with the locals taking to their boats .
Awful stay at the Pulitzer . I just read some of the bad reviews for the Pulitzer and I couold n't agree more . Last year the hotel was still getting raves and it 's about time that the reviews reflect how bad the place really is . First off , we booked through Starwood and after flying in from New York via London the staff could n't find our reservation . After much pleading we finally got our room . What a disaster . We did n't get is changed until the next day but at least we faced the courtyard instread of being in the attic . But as bad as that first room was the staff was terrible . The concierge consistantly gave bad advice if he gave any at all . My advice is to stay away from the Pulitzer .
Never Again . Was in the Netherlands May 5 - May 14 , 2004 to visit some long - lost family and do some sight seeing . Wanted to catch an early morning train to Paris on May 11 , so decided to spend the evenings of May 10 and 11 at a hotel in Amsterdam with location close to Central Station . The pictures on the Hotel Victoria website looked beautiful , and due to it 's closeness to Central Station , we booked 2 nights @ 140 EURO a night . When we got to the hotel the front desk staff was rude . They had no interest in serving us what - so - ever . They even went so far as to tell us that they had no reservation for us ! I then handed them a copy of the confirmation email they had sent me , and was greeted with an Oh . I see . I see . Not even an apology for the rudeness . Eventually we were given our keys and we headed to our room . Our room was on the second floor in the older part of the hotel . Several flights of steps and several ramps later we arrived at our room . Talk about disappointment ! The room was located at the very end of a long narrow hallway . There was a hole in the door where the peep hole should be , ( Instead of allowing the person in the inside to see whomever was on the outside , those standing on either side of the door could look in . The bathroom door did not even lock ! And the view ? Need you even ASK ? It was of a brick wall . Also the air conditioning did n't work , so the room was like a sauna . Complaining to the staff got us nowhere . Once again - the rudeness factor was pushed to the max . We checked out after 2 nights and were thankful to be gone . But NO ! The hotel stay from hell did n't end there ! Imagine my surprise when I arrived home and received my credit card bill - to find out that the Victoria Hotel had charged my credit card a completely different amount then what I had reserved and signed the room for . I was charged DOUBLE the amount that I should have . I quickly got on the phone and called the front desk from my home here in Canada . Once again - front desk staff was rude , ( Guess it does n't matter if you 're there in person or on the phone ) . Was eventually told that I would need to contact accounting department and would have to call back another day to do so . Several days later I got in touch with the accounting department and they said there was nothing they could do . When I told them I had a copy of the confirmation email stating that my reservation was at half the price they had charged my credit card I was once again greeted with Oh . I see . After faxing the required papers to the accounting department I then had to wait 2 weeks for them to issue a refund . Never , never , NEVER will I stay at this hotel again . Not a 4 star hotel . The Victoria Hotel lacks integrity . Next time I 'm going to stay at the Amstel with George Clooney and the rest of the Oceans 12 cast .
Hotel from Hell . We had booked a ' split - level suite ' at an exorbitant , non - refundable rate . A steep staircase connected the upper and lower tiny rooms . There were no reading lights , a non - working TV , no door to the toilet , no carpets , etc . We complained and were switched to a smelly smaller room ( same price ) . As we went to bed later that evening , we discovered that our feet were now wet from vomit next to the bed , vomit which had not been cleaned up by housekeeping . We were switched to a third ( clean ) room the next morning and given a 25 % discount and free breakfast . The breakfast room was dreary and reminiscent of Soviet - era style service and food . To add insult to injury , when we came home we realized that we had been double - billed on our credit card . Our advice : stay away !
fantastic secure hotel . Hello all , This is probably one of the best hotels in the city . First the front door has cameras on it and is manned 24 / 7 ( so no idiots trying to get in at all hours ) . The staff come and collect your bags so you do n't have to tackel the stairs with them . The welcome is the friendlist we have ever had ( and we have been to Amsterdam on several occasions and stayed in a diffrent hotel every time ) . So it is not the RITZ but you get a lovely clean room , secure and staffed 24 / 7 . The breakfast is a typical continenetal breakfast and the location is 3mins from Dam Square behined the palace and yet there is no noise to inferfear with your sleeping or other activerties . The flower market is 10 mins in one direction and the red light area is 10 mins in the other direction . We have already inquired about a reservation in November . We will be returning to this hotel and i would urge you all to try this hotel too .
claustraphobic ! steep stairs !
Amazing Hotel ! This was my second time after 2 years at Banks Mansion . The Hotels is great and it is my favourite city Hotel right now in Europe . Great room with free minibar and spirits of your choice but what is really amazing is the staff . . from the GM of the Hotel to the people of the reception they are all helpfull and do always their best to please the guests with more than a smile . The location is also great as all the major sights are in walking distance . Looking forward to stay again at the Banks Mansion .
Amazing View . We stayed here with our two girls ( 6 and 4 years old ) . The view of Westerkerk was worth the price of the hotel room . The staff was very kind and friendly , esp . to the children . The shower was close to the toilet and all the beds were twin size , but part of the fun of traveling is learning to accommodate to another country 's standards . We would definitely stay here again .
Wonderful Hotel . We recently returned from a 3 night stay at Banks Mansion . I could n't fault a thing . We arrived a bit early , and our room was n't quite ready . The staff atthe front desk were friendly , helpful and capable . We were invited tosit in the lobby and enjoy a snack and drink while waiting . Within 10minutes we were invited upstairs . Our third floor room overlooked the canal . The room was immaculate , and the amenities were wonderful ( bathrobes , slippers , room safe , fresh fruit , free mini - bar , decanters of gin whiskey congnac ) . The bed was great , and the hotel is remarkably quiet . The bathroom was fine ( shower but no bathtub ) . All in all , an exceptionally comfortable room . The breakfast room is on the lower level of the hotel . The breakfast buffet was comprehensive , and could be supplemented by made - to - order eggs , pancakes , omelets , or French toast . I had a wonderful omelet one morning . Again , the service was great . Free drinks of all sorts were always available in the lobby . This included wines , beers , sodas , and even liquers . The hotel is very well located to allow walking to all the major sites in Amsterdam . We never felt the need to take a tram . It was wonderful to be able to stop in the midst of sightseeing for a cold drink and a snack . The staff at the desk provided a very good street map , and were unfailingly polite when we needed replacements , having twice lost ours . The lobby has 2 internet workstations , which I had no trouble accessing whenver I needed . It 's a great help to check in and print boarding passes before going to the airport . The hotel will arrange a shuttle to the airport for 24 euros , which worked out well for us - - we turned out to be the only 2 passengers , so it was like having our own taxi but cheaper . Do yourself a favor and have an Indonesian dinner at Tempo Doeloe , Utrechtestraat 75 . Try a rice platter which includes portions of 18 different dishes . It was among the best meals I have ever had . We 've been back in CT for a week and I wish I was in Amsterdam !
Avoid it . We stayed at this hotel for one night . It was terrible , i never thought that 4star could provide such service . The room was too small and tiny , it was very very cold . Only one good thing that we didnt spend much time in the room . The room price was 70 euro per night , but when we were leaving they blocked at my credit card 200 euro plus that sum i payed cash . The staff was unfriendly , so we never come back to this hotel . I think its star rating must be as a 2* hotel
ugh Dreadful . Chintzy . Bad service , rude reception , unhelpful staff , and ugly beyond belief . For a lot of money , too . Everyone was horrible , unlike the Dutch peoplein restaurants , trains , airport , etc . This is a hotel in hell .
Worst Ever ! ! ! So on first impression , all looked ok . Room was n't ready upon check in but that is normal for me . The front desk girl , Alexis , was not too friendly and rather negative . Then the room came . . . A search to the rear of the hotel for the elevator . Upon entering the room , the stale air stench was overpowering . The room was old and the price was 400 euros . Starwood should be embarrassed . This is one of the hotels I have EVER stayed at . The room was old and worn . There were small flies in the room . It was very weathered . So I checked out and did n't even spend 15 minutes in the room . They showed me another room but it was just as bad and not clean yet . So I moved to the Amstel Hotel , a true 5 star !
Friendly , clean but not for everyone . I stayed in a single room ( with balcony ) for 3 nights while on business in Amsterdam . Everything was spotless ; there was good linen on the bed ( 2 single beds in my room ) and good towels in the very tiny bathroom . I am used to the high price to quality ratio in hotels in Europe 's major cities so was not surprised by the rather cramped quarters but felt I could have done better . The door to the room , for example , bumped the table when opened so could n't open fully and the door to the bathroom was more like half a door , requiring me to turn sideways to get thru ( and I 'm thin ) . The stairs up to reception were , as others have mentioned , extremely steep and it felt like mountaineering to climb them . Friends staying in an apartment in Amsterdam had a similar situation so this is common in these old narrow buildings but I 've noticed that some small hotels do have lifts . . The Nadia staff carry your luggage up down but be aware that this hotel is not for everyone for these reasons . Extremely friendly staff on the reception and , like almost everyone in Amsterdam , they spoke excellent English . There was a long wait before I could get into my room which was irritating as I had business to do . I was invited to sit in the tiny breakfast room while , presumably , someone made the room ready . Not sure about this - it was never explained . As this was mid afternoon , I felt this was a slip - up on the hotel 's part . Breakfast was fairly basic but included in the room rate so I ca n't really complain about that . You could n't expect breakfast in this standard of hotel to be lavish . I did not particularly like the area in which the hotel was situated but I 'd be hard pressed to say which would be a better area ( except perhaps further into the Jordaan area ? ) In my opinion Amsterdam is a scruffy city and the charm of the canals is tempered by the amount of litter , graffiti , and the general down - at - heel look of the place and the people ( inhabitants and visitors ! ) . Just my opinion after a year of quite extensive travelling in Europe . . . and I thought the same when I was last in Amsterdam about 20 years ago . My husband and I are planning to return for a couple of days in October to catch up with friends from Australia who will be ending a Danube cruise there and I will be looking for another hotel . I do n't want to be hard on the Nadia which is OK for its price bracket but I know that , with my husband in tow , we will need to move up a notch for him to be happy . We both like the old style of architecture and fairly small hotels so I am considering some of the other suggestions in trip advisor reviews such as Hotel Brouwer and Hotel Fita .
Would use this hotel again . Just back from a 3 night break in Amsterdam . The Victoria Hotel is in an excellent location right in the centre . When we arrived at 2 . 30 our room was n't ready but they did offer us a free drink from the bar and told us to return in an hour . We did n't take the up on the offer instead went out and got some lunch . I had been told by my sister to watch out as the hotel is known to try and over charge and low and behold when we returned to check in they were overcharging us by 30 euro for each night the receptionist made a call and sorted it out . Was n't very impressed with the room , we booked a superior room and requested a canal view . The room we got was small and looked out on other rooms .
The Victoria is fit for a Queen . Great hotel and in an excellent location . The hotel is near completion of its massive refurbishment and the room I was staying in was clean , quiet and contemporary . I advise a room to the back of the hotel as it is very quiet and you could hear a pin drop . The breakfast was a bit on the high side for 20 Euros , however there are plenty of other places within walking distance which offer cheaper alternatives . The great thing about this hotel is it is directly opposite Central station which is a huge plus point if you are passing through with heavy bags or are coming from the Airport . In my opinion the customer service is second to none in this hotel and the staff were very courteous and were always available to help when needed . I would stay there again even although it was a little expensive , but there again Amsterdam is an expensive city to visit at the best of times . The car parking in Amsterdam is expensive , so if you are taking a car expect to pay in the region of 40 Euros for 24hr parking . However , The Vicotria will give its hotel guests a 10 % coupon off P1 parking rates directly across from the hotel which saves a little money . Ask at the front desk for the coupon and they will be happy to give you this . On the Whole I 'm satisfied with the Victoria hotel more so for the lovely staff that work there and the efforts they make to make sure you have a pleasant stay . One final point , many people complain about the renovation work being done , however this is for the benefit of all future visitors to the hotel , which shows the hotel is investing in the visitors welfare to ensure they have a pleaseant stay . This is one of the reasons I shall return to this hotel if I ever visit Amsterdam again . Hope this review helps .
Not 5 Star : Starwood should drop this property . in short , this is an OK 3 or 4 star hotel . but falls short in multiple areas from justifying a 5 star rating or pricingi have stayed at the pulitzer on account of my starwood platinum status approx 10 times and with that range of experiences here is what to expect Good : Location and concept ( row houses around two canals ) Beds and comfort amenities Flexibility about early checking in not so good : Whole place feels run down and under - maintained . Service is mostly fine ( nothing special ) but significant gaps exist , especially in room service servicePoor . Room assignment assignment is totally random and they do not take care of repeat guests or remember preferences ( despite being asked ) Food quality if very variable and I got food poisoning once Service attitude and personal attention feels like it slips a bit more with every check in . Have complained to Starwood about all this , however they seem powerless to do anything substantial . Basically this hotel should not be in their luxury collection and travelers should avoid it if they are looking for an upmarket hotel in Amsterdam . The Hilton is much better service ( though less well located ) and the Amstel is very good but very old fashioned
Would not stay here again . This is a small hotel with unhelpful staff . Dont let the expensive prices dupe you into thinking you will be staying at a deluxe hotel it is re assuringly expensive The staff are few and far between . Better value for money can be had at a larger 5 star hotel
No complaints about the Victoria Hotel ! Having read so many mixed reviews of this hotel I did n't know what to expect . However , I was pleasantly suprised on arrival at the hotel . The staff were helpful , the hotel extremely nice , and the location perfect . The only criticism was the size of the rooms , as they were very small . But what do you expect from a city centre hotel ? This is the sacrifice you make for the location . And though the room was small , it was very nice . Overall , a very good experience of the hotel . It cost 230 Euros for two nights , which I think is good value for somewhere so central !
Great location , Big price , Small rooms . Location , location , location . . . When myself and my friend walked out of the centraal station the Victoria hotel was one of the first sights we saw . The location of this hotel is excellent , very central to all the main tourist attractions . Amsterdam is an expensive city depending on where you choose to eat and drink . Around the red light district , beside the hotel and at Dam square you can expect to pay over the top prices for your drink and ( often ) bad food . If you turn left when exiting the hotel you can expect to find a prettier , quieter , more picturesque side of Amsterdam with nicer cafes , bars and restaurants offering more reasonable prices for better food and drink . The hotel ifself is nice , typically 4 star from its exterior and interior . The 2 bars are pleasant and the lobby and reception live up to its rating . The bedrooms are clean but small . Very small for the price we had to pay . The room was at the back of the hotel and the view was of another room 2 metres opposite . The room was very stuffy and we had to have the air conditioning on 24 / 7 , the weather was under 20c for the time of our stay so it wasnt particularly warm outside . So there are pros and cons to staying at the victoria hotel . While the location is superb the rooms are far too small for the price we had to pay and the next time i go to Amsterdam i would be more likely to choose a hotel further away from the red light district and the tourist trap around centraal station . Plus there are many better things to spend your money on in Amsterdam , enjoy !
An interesting , quirky , very friendly little hotel . Great location Positives The location of this hotel is perfect . 100 yards from Anne Frank 's house and on the edge of the beautiful Jordaan area . Also only 5 minute walk down to the Dam . Really friendly staff , who thankfully carried our bags up and down the stairs , remembered our names and provided us with plenty of free drinks . Negatives We had a deluxe room and it was quite small , pretty basic and the smallest single bed I have ever slept in ( since I was about 5 anyway ) . Breakfast not overly exciting , but there is a great pancake shop below the hotel which I would recommend . The stairs are very steep ( as I suspect is the case with many hotels in Amsterdam ) , no lift , not really a problem for us but would be if you had young children or were n't too mobile . Overall a nice little hotel , very clean , very friendly . I would def stay here again as it 's a great location and the staff are so friendly . Rooms are a little quirky and small so do n't expect too much but it is definitely value for money .
Hardly a five star . Whereas it was clean , modern , there was n't really much in the way of friendliness or service . The lobby was lovely , and the location was perfect for access to city and country excursions . Good restaurants and bars all around too . The Winter Garden restaurant was fantastic and you should visit it even if you dont stay in the hotel . We would probably stay there again if in Amsterdam but only because we heard that lesser star ratings can be awful in that city . We really enjoyed our time in Holland but we were disappointed with the litter in the city . The fries in a cone were gorgeous . A local ' delicacy ' .
Not great considering the advance communication and the price . I had communicated 6 months in advance , requesting Canal side room with access to elevator as my travelling partner was my 76 year old mother . Confirmed in email by the hotel for this advance request . Yet , arrived on date planned . Arrived at 11:00 am and requested early check in but no early check in available unless willing to pay for an additional night . Declined early check in . Assured by front desk room would be availlable by 3 pm which is the check in time . Sat and waited 4 hrs , came to desk to get checked in at 3 pm , no canal room available and no other room available at check in time . Promised room would be available as soon as possible . At 4:00 pm again addressed the desk , they then decided to upgrade our room to an executive room and we were escorted . For a 5 star hotel , this behavior is intolerable . I will never stay at this chain again .
Great location but OK room . . . . Excellent location - Across the street from the Palace and right in the middle of Dam Square and the Red Light District . Close to trams and a 10 walk to Centraal Station and canal tours . Lots of shops , resturants / eateries and bars / coffeshops nearby . A big mall and a grocery store right behind the Palace . About a 15 walk to the Anne Frank House , 20 minute walk from Leidesplein , Vondel Park , the Flower Market , Resturant Row and about a 30 minute walk to the Rijks and Van Gogh Musems . Average looking apartment - The lobby and the shops inside the hotel are nice but my apartment was out back and around the corner , facing the Red Light District where you 'll usually pass some shady people selling drugs . Walking up the stairs are extremely steep and the room was average looking ( no elevators ) . There 's no AC in the room and the bathroom was pretty small . The washer / dryer was very confusing to use and the dryer took FOREVER to dry clothes . It took me about 6 . 5 hours to dry a pair of jeans and a couple of t shirts . The Japanese resturant in the lobby of the hotel is very expensive for dinner and the food was just ok . It 's supposed to be the nicest hotel in Amsterdam but I 've stayed at a Marriott Hotel in San Diego , California that was way nicer .
Great Location and Outstanding service . We wanted a hotel with a Dam Square view . the NH Kranpolsky was booked . . . so we decided on the Swissotel . What a great choice ! ! ! the Service was impecable , and the veiw was amazing . We could see the Obelisk and the trams passing by . The Beds were always turned down , and the room service was quick . The staff were friendly , welcoming and very helpful . From Centraal Station , the hotel is a 5 min walk , or a quick tram ride . If breakfast is not included in your rate , the price for the buffet is a bit steep . . 17euros a person . that was the ONLY drawback . Art the reservationist at the hotel will confirm and perfectly describe your room to you .
An overpriced disappointment ! Booked this hotel via Continental . Stayed two nights in June 2006 . Was very disappointed to find they had dropped the Le Meridien brand , but wonder if it was n't the other way around ! I paid 169 per night ( over $ 200 / night ) for a room with two skinny single beds . Unfortunately Amsterdam in June is well overbooked and did n't have much choice . Needless to say , that price did n't include breakfast . Also housekeeping NEVER changed my towels / sheets despite repeated requests at the front desk . The desk also forgot about my wakeup call which I requested in person . The street noise was also very loud until the wee hours and they would n't let me smoke in the room ! The staff seems to have given up on making this place hospitable . So why bother staying here ? Until this place is overhauled , look elsewhere . Two stars at best . . .
luxury at an affordable price . we have just returned from a 4 night stay . Our room although a bit on the small side , had a canal view which made up for the room size . The bed has to be one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in , with crisp clean white sheets . The hotel was very clean , it has been polished to perfection . The free coffee , tea etc was a real bonus . The hotel is in the best location for exploring Amsterdam . We have been to Amsterdam on numerous occasions and have stayed in many different classes and types of hotels , always trying to find one that is located centrally , that has a good ambiance , that is clean , well looked after with attentive staff . We have found it with the Estherea - we will not stay anywhere else . ps try the all you can eat ribs at the sing singel pub , turn right when you leave the hotel and keep walking you will find the pub on the right approx 200 yds .
Cheap , clean and friendly . Great situation , within easy walking distance of all the major sites . The entrance is just a single doorway and the stairs to the reception area are the steepest I 've ever seen ! However we did not have to carry our luggage up or down these stairs . We vacated out room on the morning of departure and the luggage was left in our room until it was put into our taxi when we left the hotel . We also got a free welcome drink when we reached reception on the first day ! The staff are very friendly and helpful and all speak English . The rooms are very small and hot . We left our window open at all times and the traffic is very noisy throughout the night . The bathroom is also tiny but the shower was very good . As we only spent a short time in our rooms this did not matter too much . We did not bother to unpack our suitcases as the room was too small for a wardrobe . Breakfast was basic - croissants , toast , cheese , jams , coffee - but it was adequate . We found the restaurants in the immediate vicinity of the hotel tended to close about 10 . 30pm and the first night we did not realise that there were plenty of places off Dam Square that stayed open much later . A great little hotel but I would prefer a bigger room next time .
Will stay there again . the room
Loved the Fita ! Stayed at Hotel Fita 5 nights and had an excellent stay . Our room was spacious and immaculate . It had the feel of a bed and breakfast , warm and friendly . The owners were helpful and available with useful information about their fine city . It is a great location for the art museums and the tram is literally right down the street !
Nice Hotel Watch out for the Bed Bugs . The hotel itself is very nice . However , watch out for the bedbugs . We stayed in room 406 at the hotel on the 24 - 26th October 2008 , when my Husband and I woke up on the Saturday morning we noticed that we had little lumps on our skin but did not understand why . When we woke up Sunday morning with more bites I put 2 + 2 together . I woke up with a bite on my eye lid , which hurt and itched like hell . A week later I still have the lump without the redness ! Since then , I have had to spray my home and my bags with the clothes I took to make sure this does not spread into my home . Once you have bedbugs they are hard to shift . Until now I did not know they actually existed . Its AWFUL ! I have yet to email the hotel and see what repsonse I get , however , if you do stay here I would suggest you check the bed first before opening your luggage . Other than that , its a nice hotel and a nice location . I hope you have better luck than me !
Never go to this hotel . We stayed in this hotel 3 nights with my wife when visiting Amsterdam . This was the worth hotel of this category we 've ever stayed 1) 1h ( yes ONE hour ) to check in 2) we booked a none smoking room , we got one that was smelling very heavily the cigar ( so an other 20mn to change and get an other room ) 3) they were sorry for this , so gave us a voucher for 2 free drinks at the bar . . . . 4) when wanting to use it , i left the paper in the room , told it to the bar tender that wanted anyway to see it or you pay . I said that i was not willing to pay , and that he could call the reception His answer : you pay or I call the security . . . . which HE DID ! ! ! ! This was the first day , nice . . . . unfortunatly we pre - paid the 3 nights ( 325 euros per night . . . not cheap for Amsterdam ) , so were not willing to move . I told in their survey what i was thinking about their hotel , the answer we are very sorry , and hope to see you again at the Pulitzer . Are they joking ? ! ? Everybody now that i meet , i tell them to NEVER go to this hotel .
wonderfully charming place . My boyfriend and I just stayed 3 nights at the Nadia and could not have been happier with our experience . The woman working the reception desk when we arrived was warm and helpful , and our bags were waiting in our room for us by the time we finished checking in . Our room was very small but the wardrobe and plentiful shelving made it feel bigger . The lighting and decor were both very cute - - overall it was incredibly cozy and comfortable , and it could not have been cleaner ( same for the bathroom ) . The breakfast room was delightful , too - - especially since it was decorated for Christmas . There were several ladies working to make sure there was also fresh coffee and juice . The entire staff were always friendly and helpful - - they helped us arrange for a shuttle service to the airport at the end of our visit , and helped us down with our bags . Security at the hotel is very good - - they monitor the always - locked front door via camera and do n't allow in anyone who is not a registered guest , so you can be comfortable that there 's never anything too shady going on in the rooms around you . The hallways smelled pretty strongly of cigarette smoke at times , which did n't bother us since our room never smelled smoky at all . But people who are extremely sensitive to cigarette smoke might be bothered . Our room was on the interior side of the building ( not directly exposed to the street ) so outside sound was no problem whatsoever . I do think the walls between the rooms and the hallway must be very thin , because we could hear people passing by and / or talking in the hallway very clearly . It was never particularly bothersome but if we had visited at a more crowded time of year it might have gotten annoying . Though you can always sleep with earplugs . The location could also not have been better - - it is very close to Dam Square but just enough out of the bustle and mayhem that you are able to really relax . We discovered a number of wonderful restaurants and bars within a 5 - 10 minute walk of the hotel . Overall we were thrilled with the Nadia , and would definitely stay there again .
Post - Review update . I had previously written a review on this hotel ( - - - - ) and suffered a rather harrowing experience from the owners as a consequence . I am only posting this now because I had thought that the DeRappers ' hospitality ' towards me had been a one off but from one of the latest reviews I see this is not neccessarily so . Having arrived home and posted my review , I received a not - very - pleasant phonecall from Hans , demanding to know why I took it upon myself to write my opinions online ( which , might I add are quite balanced , and not a personal attack such as I was then subjected to ) . He proceded to ask me irrelevant questions such as what do I do for a living ( incidently , I am in Law ) , and generally try to pick holes in anything that I said which did not please him . NOT charming ! I 'm writing this now as a sort of ' warning ' sign to anyone else who may receive this kind of treatment upon not writing a glowing review , so much for freedom of speech eh ! We have since stayed in genuinely brilliant B + B 's with hosts who go out of their way to make sure your stay is a happy one , sorry Hans , yours just was n't in the same league .
Dont believe the hype ! This hotel is not what you might expect from reviews and promos . The outside looks grey and worn and in need of a coat of paint . The bars on the outside windows give an institutional feel to the place and when you walk through the small revolving doors you can immediately notice the difference between a 4 and 5 star hotel no one to greet you or help with your baggage getting a large case through those small revolving doors must be an art form . The six hotel staff are pleasant yet inexperienced and unwilling to help with genuine problems . There are only 51 rooms in the hotel , if you are there its likely it will be fully booked so there is little play with your room . You get what youre given like it or lump . We reserved a deluxe room and were given a standard they then tried to pass this off as a deluxe but when checking friends that were staying at the hotel who had ordered the same room this clearly a standard / superior room , Do they think people are stupid ? There is also a wide difference in the amount every one paid some people were unlucky enough to pay 250 euro per night some paid 98 euro no doubt for similar rooms . Food was also poor . When checking in they say the bar is open 24 hrs a day , this isnt true the night man closes it at 0200hrs . All in all Very expensive for what u get its not luxury I am a hotelier of 20 years and look back and laugh about this small hotel . We tried to check out within twenty minutes of arrival they charged 197 Euro . . . . . . Money well spent
Great hotel . I travel to Amsterdam frequently on business and have stayed in many hotels in the city . I like the Estherea very much - lovely location , quality of the rooms is superb and the cost of the hotel not so extortionate . There is a great Greek deli just next to the hotel if you are looking for a simple casual evening meal - perfect for a lone traveller like me ! My only complaint is that breakfast starts at 7am - it would be nice if it could start a little earlier . The hotel is a brisk 10 min walk to Central Station - along the lovely canal , what is not to like ? Highly recommended .
Great Hotel . . . Highly Recommended Bathroom
Great Hotel , Great Location , No Air Conditioning . My wife and I just returned from a quick trip to Seattle . We stayed 3 days at the Mediterranean Inn . The location is great , the staff was nice , the room was spacious , and there was a nice little mini kitchennette . The room also had a great window seat which I would reccommend requesting when booking . The problem was that there was no air conditioning in the rooms ! It was a hot summer weekend in Seattle , and the room was almost unbearable . We were in the room for about 30 seconds before I called the front desk to ask where the A/C controls were , and were told that there was none . There was a ceiling fan , and the staff brought us an ossillating fan which helped , but not nearly enough . Luckily we were busy during the day and did not spend much time in the room . I would definitely reccommend this hotel , just not in the summer . Apparently they do have a few rooms with A/C on the 6th floor , which I was told were only $ 10 more ( $ 138 ) so if you can get one of those , go for it . I have never stayed in a hotel with no A/C and really ca n't understand why a nice place like this would not have it . The lobby is blissfully cool , but do n't let that fool you . As I said , I would certainly stay there again , but not when there is any chance of warm weather .
Silver Cloud says : Lump It Or Leave It , We Do n't Care . Most other people seem to have had a nice experience here , and I certainly do n't wish to negate that . We saw a lot of families having a nice time . I wish I could say the same , but I can not . I still feel angry about our experience here - - not because a mistake in booking was made , but because the management was so rude about it . The story - - After reading a lot of good reviews , I booked this hotel for 3 adults , requesting a suite on the main floor and a disabled bathroom . ( We were traveling with my elderly and disabled mother , who was in a wheelchair . ) I did a lot of online research and made several phone calls to verify these points . I was really looking forward to the hotel - - the reviews were good and I thought my mom would be really happy . Yet when we arrived , exhausted from a day of air travel and driving , we were informed that our room was n't a suite , had no disabled bathroom , and was n't on the main floor . So I asked for the manager - - and waited . The manager eventually appeared . He did n't quite suggest we get lost - - at least not directly - - but he might as well have . His manner and words made it clear that we were a pain and a problem and it was a take - it - or - leave - it situation . I 've backpacked in Europe , and roughed it in Mexico and China - - - I 've never been treated so dismissively . I had the clear impression he was trying to get us to leave . They eventually booked us into another room which supposedly had a disabled bathroom . Did anyone come up with us to see to it that the room was okay ? No . No . Was it okay ? No . There was no disabled bathroom AND it was next to the venting outlets AND it smelled unclean . So we went downstairs to complain again - - to no avail . We would certainly have gone elsewhere but there was nothing available - - believe me , I called a bunch of hotels ! ! . A few days later they moved us ( at our strenous request ) to a cleaner room . We were in town for family business , so we put the best face on it and stayed . I felt embarrassed - - I had worked hard to find a place where our stay would be pleasant . My mother was also embarrassed - - she went a week without a shower and thought the manager did n't want us because she was disabled . I was so angry I later wrote a long letter of complaint to the manager of public relations for the hotel chain . I stated my feeling that errors do happen ( good people make mistakes ) , but in such situations it is appropriate to take responsibility and do what can be done to make your guests feel at home , rather than treating them like something the cat dragged in . The response ? A one - sentence sorry there was a problem with your reservation from the management . Hands down , the worst travel experience ever . That includes the pit toilets in China .
Nice overall , but beds had me begging for 4 - star . Things we loved : The view , the security in that only keyed guests have access to parking garage and rooms building , the staff is friendly , the shuttle is an OUTSTANDING service , free parking , the breakfast is decent and convenient , the room is quiet , the bathroom was exceptionally clean , maid service is great and we never had to shuffle around carts ( they worked when we were n't there ) , all in all a great value . Things we hated : The beds . And while I loved EVERYTHING about the hotel otherwise , I ca n't sleep on crummy beds . There was a smell coming from the headboards perhaps b / c they were new , which gave me migraines every night , so , after 3 nights of this misery , we had to check out and go somewhere else in town for the rest of our 8 - 9 day trip . My husband also had a migraine , which he 's never had before , and my kids acted a little berzerko at bedtime ( which was highly unusual ) , so I think the fume eminating from the headboard and nightstand was toxic . Possibly formaldehyde which is found in particle board . So , if you have sensitivities , allergies , what have you , you might want to stay somewhere else . Sad to me b / c otherwise the place is really quite nice ! *P . S . The migraine experience would start when we 'd come back for naps in the afternoon , and then would not relent , so I missed dinner a couple of nights , and if we did go out I would feel good , but then come back for bedtime and feel awful again . So I KNOW it was those beds . Sniff .
Great Location + Lots of Perks . My daughter is interested in attending the University of Washington , so she and I visited Seattle in April and stayed at the Watertown . It 's only a few blocks from the UW campus - easy walking distance . The hotel had many amenities that appealed to us and made it our choice over the cheaper hotels available in the campus area : - Bikes and helmets are available free of charge . We took a nice ride along the nearby Burke - Gilman Trail . However , their bikes were not in the best condition . They told me some were in the shop , and those that were left were barely adequate . If you 're a serious biker , I 'd call ahead and make sure there are some good ones available . - Free carts of various entertainments were available . It turned out we did n't use any , but I can see how they 'd be great for families with young kids in particular . - Free high - speed Internet . - Free shuttle to the downtown ( and back ) . - Free breakfast , which is n't at Embassy Suites quality , but does include scrambled eggs , cereal , and scones . And there are chocolate chip cookies in the lobby . Rooms are nicely sized and attractive . Also lots of cable channels available . The Starbucks coffee and candies were a nice touch too . There is also a reasonably priced shuttle ( Town Car ! ) service to and from the airport , so we did n't have to rent a car or pay for parking . Info is on their web site . Overall , I 'd say it 's a very good value for the Seattle area , and I 'd recommend the hotel to anyone .
The rudest people ever - dont stay ! ! ! ! ! ! Despite the fact that this could be a very cool hotel , the place sucks . The front desk , one of the nights we were there , was run by one of the rudest people I have ever met . I will not name him , but when we had a problem with our room , he was extremely rude and would not hear our issue . Very , very dissapointed .
nice offerings but pricey greeted by friendly / helpful evening staff ( great recommendation for dinner ) . Free underground / secure parking was bonus . Room was clean , comfortable with nice touches of alcohol pads by phone / remote , filtered tap water , micro , fridge safe , robes for lounging ( though not worth the $ 75 they were selling them for ) , cozy bed / pillows . Arrived late in evening so did n't partake of ala carte carts . The shower was decent . . . head high enough so my kind of tall husband did n't have to crouch , rounded curtain rod but shower / toilet area small to begin with , could have had more / larger towels available , Aveda products . Large sink / counter area but could have used the space to make shower / tub / hotel larger . . . especially in a suite room . No phone by bed , alarm clock complicated but not utilizing wake up call or alarm so did n't care too much . Breakfast eating area was decent . I 've had better buffets ( no waffles ) but lots of healthy choices . No highchair so eating w / toddler challenging and no car seat available for us to utilize complimentary shuttle to shopping . Unfortunately fire alarm went off @ 6:45 AM ( toaster in kitchen ) . Did try to extend stay and negotiate lower rate since we would have to change room . Morning desk staff not quite as helpful / friendly . No discount offered even w / alarm snafu . Overall . . . a bit overpriced even for ' boutique ' hotel though it had nice offerings . Have never stayed in a hotel that was unwilling to negotiate on rate . Good job by housekeeping - room immaculate . Do n't get a room near ice machine . I felt guilty getting ice @ 10PM because of the noise .
OK hotel ; good location ; watch out for construction noise . We just returned from a 3 - night stay at the Hotel Warwick . I agree with previous posters that the staff is nice and the location very convenient . The hotel is an easy walk to downtown shopping areas and Seattle Center attractions . Overall , we enjoyed our stay , but there were a few problems worth mentioning . We chose this hotel in part because the rooms feature an outside balcony . My husband smokes , but I do not , and we prefer to get a smoking room with windows or an outside balcony to minimize smoke inside the room . If this is your preference , be advised that the balconies are barely wide enough to fit a human . We did not feel safe actually standing on the balcony , especially with the balcony door closed . Smokers beware : the hotel only has a few smoking rooms , all located on the second floor . This floor is where the public meeting rooms and restrooms for the restaurant and bar are located . We requested a smoking room on an upper floor with a Space Needle view . We were given a smoking room on the 2nd floor . No Space Needle , no view . This was obviously not one of the renovated rooms . The ceiling light fixtures were about a dozen 1970s - era cans ( track lighting ) set in rows in the ceiling , directed at the bed . It felt like starring in your very own intimate film . The bathroom also had a paper towel dispenser like in a public restroom and strange pink goo in the soap dispenser , which looked like it had n't been changed since the track lighting was installed . The traffic noise was incredibly loud , and hotel construction noise started very early . Due to a very late flight , the desk was unable to change our room on check - in , but told us to come back the next day . We changed to a nonsmoking 7th floor room the next day , which thankfully was more updated . The traffic noise was a little better a few floors up , and we had a nice Space Needle view . The bed was comfortable , the amenities average . We liked the in - room refrigerator . There was intermittent construction noise throughout the hotel . Hotel renovations are ongoing ; the noise was n't too bad on the weekend , but I would take care if staying during the week . Also , the smoke detector in our room was not operational ( the device was unhooked and sitting on top of the closet ) . I called maintenance to have it hooked up , but it did n't get done during our stay . We did not use the pool or jacuzzi . As a previous poster noted , the spa facilities are in the basement , and it felt too isolated for my comfort . However , we liked the bar quite a bit . Friendly staff , good drinks and draft beer selection and a nice atmosphere . We ate at the bar one night , primarily for convenience . There are certainly better places to eat in Seattle , but the food was OK and we had a nice time . The concierge was very helpful in helping us select a restaurant that was perfect for our tastes and making dinner reservations . The lobby fireplace added a cheerful , cozy ambience and we enjoyed warming up there after our sightseeing . I will probably want to check out a different hotel the next time I am in Seattle . However , if you avoid the second floor rooms and do n't mind a little construction noise , the Hotel Warwick is a convenient , friendly and generally comfortable place to stay .
Dont be fooled like me . I stayed here last month and was terribly disappointed . After reading several great reviews about the Moore on tripadvisor , I decided that this might be the best place to stay in Seattle for a great price . I ended up spending $ 69 a night , which is a steal for downtown Seattle . However from the moment I pulled up I soon realized why it was so cheap . First of all , it is in the ghetto part of DT Seattle . There are only about 2 blocks which I would consider bad , and The Moore is situated right there in the middle of the bad part of town . Second of all , we were taken back by the strong smell of pine sol when we entered our room . After leaving for the evening and returning to our room , we discovered why the pine sol scent was so strong - - - - it was masking the smell of urine in our room ! ! ! I believe that the cleaning people tried to get rid of the urine smell by bombarding our room with cleaning supplies . I tried to air out the room , but the noise from the street down below made it unbearable to get a good night 's sleep . Last but not least , no one said anything to me when I booked the room that there would not be any parking . I understand that most hotels downtown have paid parking , but the Moore had nothing . I had two options : 1 ) Leave my car on the street in the middle of the ghetto ( which even the front desk was a bad idea ) or 2 ) pay a parking garage $ 40 a day . My suggestion to anyone considering the Moore : If you want the low price , stay outside of DT since you will have to pay for parking anyways , or break the bank and stay at a nicer place ! Oh yeah - our sheets were dirty too !
Goods and Bads . I stayed at the Sheraton for four days in May 2005 . The goods : Location : Great . Walking distance to almost everything you 'd want to see in the downtown area . Rooms : Really nice . Light soothing decor . Very comfortable bed with a variety of pillows . coffee maker . Concierge : Very helpful . The bads : Elevators : - not enough and very slow . Coffee Coffee shop : - - ridiculously expensive . There is a $ 20 breakfast buffet that did n't look spectacular . I only wanted oatmeal , juice and coffee so ordered from the menu . The bill was still $ 20 . Desk staff : Well - - After being notified by phone message at 5:00 p. m. on Friday night that a fax was waiting for me at the front desk ( the business center was closed ) , when I went to get it , the staff could n't find it after 15 minutes of searching . I told the desk person to find it and I would pick it up after dinner . At 9 p . m . I asked again . After 20 minutes the desk person said , that must have been a duplicate message and there was no fax . I said I doubted that and said that I was expecting a fax . I asked that the fax , when found , be delivered to my room . At 10:00 p. m. the fax was slipped under my door . It had actually been received at the hotel at 10:00 a. m. on Thursday morning - - 36 hours before I received it . As it was after business hours there was nothing I could do about the important message that needed a timely response . I complained to the manager on duty the next morning and she did apologize and she credited $ 75 against my hotel bill . That did not compensate for the cost to me because I could n't respond to the fax . Would I stay there again - - Maybe . It was better and less expensive than the W Hotel , where I stayed a couple of years ago .
Needs a rennovation . I am glad I got a discount . The room was clean , but nothing special . In fact the bathroom showed a bit of wear . The size and amenities were no different from a good Best Western . Just as noisy too . Maybe that is why there is a discount . The service was average . However , there is a good advantage to this hotel if you have a car . You can park your car yourself and save money doing without valet service . If you approach from Lenora St , however , you have to make two lefts to get to the garage which is to the left of the lobby . The location is great for Belltown , the Federal Courthouse and the town 's retail core .
Great Place to Stay . My wife and just drove in from Portland and stayed at the Hotel Max . From the moment we arrived , we were greated with friendly , professional assistance . The rooms were small . But very comfortable and clean . The location was perfect to walk to the Pike Street Market . Also good place to walk to the popular resturants in Seattle . Would definitly stay there again and would definitly recommend it to a friend .
It will depend on the room . Okay , we kind of liked it but mainly for its location . We stayed for a long weekend and returned for another five days after we got back from Bellingham . The first stay had us on a warm evening in a third floor room with windows open right on the main drag and it is a heck of a noisy avenue with trucks and cars roaring by and coming off the stop light right outside the window . Reminded me of living in Manhattan on East 72nd . The return five days we insisted on a back room somewhere off the street and that is when things were much nicer and they accomodated us . The staff can be a bit indifferent , though not unfriendly . They seem pretty absorbed behind the front desk . The Starbucks in the building is convenient though I had to laugh when they made a big deal out of cashing a $ 50 for a $ 13 purchase . The Hotel does provide bottled water in the fridge when the maid remembers to replace them , no charge . They have a brand new and convenient laundromat on the first floor for visitors . There were a couple of computers in the lounge that you could check your email . Strangely enough in the land of microsoft there was no free internet in the building and nothing to hook up onto either at this location ( for free ) . The location is great , the rooms not bad . If I sound luke warm . . . well , I am . . .
Labor Day Fun . View from Room 2912
Nice artsy option . The good : Location : 15 minute walk ( or less ) to Pike Place market , downtown ; monorail ride to the space needle and experience music project ( a must ! ) . Great decor : Creative , interesting and fun with original artwork and photography all over the hotel and rooms . Not your sterile Marriott . The buts : - For the over $ 200 we paid per night , you should get free wireless ( they offer but charge you $ 12 / day for it ) . - Rooms can be on the small side with funky shapes . - AC is a wall unit - which is fine , but not quite as nice . Net result : We were happy with our choice - I would be very happy paying $ 120 - $ 150 a night , less so as you get up towards $ 200 + .
You should try it . . . Nice bathroom
Warwick Bad . I see good reviews of the Warwick and it shocks me . . . The staff was quite rude , the rooms were fairly dirty . I cut myself and asked for a bandaid and they did not have any ? ! ? ! I requested a bottle opener and they also did not have that . . . Go somewhere with better service .
Avoid like the plague . I did not feel safe at this hotel . Couples may feel more comfortable but I could see the shuttle bus driver was not impressed by my hotel of choice . I was booked in here for 4 nights [ a single female traveller ] . When I got there they told me that I could only have three nights with an en suite and the other night I would have to move room and share a bathroom . Totally unacceptable as a lone female . When I complained they told me tough move elsewhere . Which I did at 6 . 30 the next morning [ I arrived at the Moore at 10 pm too late to find somewhere else ] . I moved to the Inn on Queen Anne which was slightly more expensive but had a kitchenette , friendly staff and a much better vibe .
Very disappointed in almost every way . I stayed at the Seattle W for a week in June for a professional conference . I had previously stayed at the W in New Orleans and loved every second of it so I was expecting great things from the W Seattle . I could n't have been more disappointed . They think darkness equates to ambiance . Wrong . There was no loud music on the elevators . At a W , the elevators are supposed to me like mini - clubs . You meet and party with people on the New Orleans W elevators . The worst thing was the smell when the air conditioning went on . It could best be described at cat little box or pure cat urine . Hotel management did not respond to numerous complaints saying that was the normal lavender musk smell of the W . Right . . . I just made sure the air never came on when I was in the room . Luckily , Seattle is a great city with lots to do . I did get an email apology from corporate after logging a complaint with Starwood during my stay . Since then , I 've only recieved marketing spam from the Seattle W . I 'll never stay at the Seattle W again and wo n't recommend it to anyone .
W is for business . Great beds , uncomplicated . . . once you can work the lights . Ask for a deal . . you will get one , good location and parking . One of the better downtown hotels . Meals can be slow to arrive .
I used to like this place . . . what happened ? ? ? ? When the W Seattle originally opened , it was a great new hotel . I was coming to Seattle every month for work and loved each and every time I stayed there . My job finished and I had not been to Seattle for the past two years . I had the chance to come up to Seattle for a July vacation and unfortunately I picked the W . I am sitting in my room right now and waiting to check out and go somewhere else . This would be two days early . I am an easy going person , but this visit to the W has been a nightmare . I am not going to go into details , but I can honestly state that I have never been so upset that I demanded to leave a hotel early . I do n't even have a replacement hotel , but I am very happy to leave this place . The room was OK , the location great . . . but the SERVICE . . . . I think the staff here are still waiting for the training from corporate . I am still upset that they could not do anything right . Especially since we were paying full rates to stay here over the 4th . I used to love this place and hope that anyone who is considering the W Seattle will think twice .
Great location , nice atmosphere . We arrived on an early flight - and the front desk happily checked us in before noon . The room was large with nice decor - flat screen tv , long window seat , cool bathroom , etc . . . The bed was super comfy - similar to the Westin beds . Location was great - - Pike Place market , Pioneer Square and other downtown attractions were all a very short walk away . We were also very pleased with the concierge 's dinner recommendation - Flying Fish in Belltown .
Very poor service . After seeing a large renovated suite in this hotel , we booked months ahead so our daughter and her friends could see a concert there . We confirmed it a week or so before our arrival . When we got to the front desk , we were told that we did n't have a reservation and that that room was booked . We later learned that someone else had wanted the room for the whole weekend , so they had given it to them and shafted us , and were lying . They ended up giving us two smaller rooms instead , one renovated where the kids stayed , and one that had not been renovated . Had difficulty locking the door to one room , lock seemed out of alignment . My wife hated the room . There seemed to be drag racing on the street outside until late in the morning , she had trouble sleeping . The teenagers , on the other hand , were happy , and ate at the Crocodile down the street , while we went to Momma 's Mexican a few blocks away . Neighbourhood is dicey , but so is the whole of this area , no unpleasant encounters , though many homeless people . Parking is terrible , expensive .
Best Hotel In Seattle ! This was the best hotel I have ever stayed in . The rooms are huge and extremely well presented . The wonderful beds were in fact more than wonderful . I must compliment the hotel on the surprise gift I found under my pillow , which was a nice touch . I have heard some complaints from others on trip advisor calling the hotel creepy . This could not be further from the truth . Sure the halls may be a little dark and beetlejuice - esque , but this all adds to making the place different and special . The lobby is spacious and beautifully decorated and the bar is a great place to sit down and relax . The Staff were friendly and very helpful . I especially liked my wake up call on a Monday morning at 05 . 30am when i was told Welcome to Monday ! The location is very central , and perfect for anyone staying in downtown Seattle .
Avoid until construction / refurbishment is completed . I stayed at the Sheraton in Seattle one day before a cruise . The hotel is in a perfect location to walk to many downtown restaurants and shops . The hotel is under construction so the entrance is poorly marked on the side side of the hotel . The taxi driver could not pull up to the curb due to construction materials in the street . There was no one there to help me with my luggage and no ramp up from the street . Only after I made it to the lobby was I offered help with the luggage . Too late ! Check in was a breeze , less than 5 minutes . There are two sets of elevators depending on which floor you are on and I was directed to the wrong set . Fortunately I caught the error before getting on . The room was clean and standard but outdated in shades of buff and yellow . There is no gift / sundry shop due to the construction and the restaurant / bar is just a cordoned off section of the lobby . I might try the Seattle Sheraton after the construction and refurbishment is finished but not before then . Even thought I secured what I felt was a very reasonable rate on Hotwire I do not feel the hotel was worth the price .
Regular visitor to the Moore Hotel . Okay , this is NOT a glam hotel , but you ca n't beat the location ! There is no bellhop ; the front desk service can be loveable , rude or hard to understand ; and the water pressure is n't the greatest . That 's the worst of it . What 's so great about the Moore that I 've visited and revisited and been a fan for nearly a decade now . . . the price and the location . I do n't go to Seattle to sit in my hotel room , I visit to walk around , to shop , to drink coffee and to see the water . At the Moore , you have it all at your doorstep . When I first started visiting , the neighborhood was in desperate need of police surveillance at night . As a single female traveler , I could walk around and feel relatively safe and the front desk kept a good eye on their lobby and the comings and goings of their patrons . Now , the neighborhood immediately outside the door looks even safer and more options are available for shoppers , diners , beer and cocktail seekers than ever before . Best part - YOU ARE ONLY TWO BLOCKS FROM THE WATERFRONT . Request a 6th or 7th floor room facing the water and you 'll enjoy a view that most visitors pay through the nose for . Walk to Pike Place in the morning , shopping at Pioneer Square in the afternoon , visit nearby Belltown at night . Walk everywhere . They 'll hold your luggage for you either before your check - in time or after you 've checked out but have a few hours to kill before catching your flight . Visiting the convention center - it 's less than 10 minutes walk , grab coffee at the French Bakery at Pike 's Place before you head into convention hell . Worst part - Parking - you have to pay , there are two lots on either side of the hotel or try the Bon / Macy 's parking lot for something a bit cheaper . Oh , and they like to keep your key at the front desk - there is only ONE KEY available per room , so if you 're sharing with someone but have different itineraries , make a habit of dropping the key off at the front desk . I would trust these people , I once left a drawerfull of clothes behind and they were kind enough to take care of them until I returned the next day , ashamed but extremely grateful . And if you 've always wanted to be a bellboy , there are a couple of luggage carts that you can wheel your stuff about .
Service to the MAX . I spent 3 nights at the Hotel Max in September 06 , and found the service and attentiveness of the staff to be excellent . I had checked Trip Advisor prior to booking , so I booked an Artist King room for myself , which I found to be a nice size . The bathroom would be short on shelf space for 2 people , but that depends on how much you unpack . The everpresent , friendly door staff add to the pleasure of the lobby and the funky decor to make you feel welcome . Yes , hotel rooms in downtown Seattle are smaller , and I would n't be keen to stay in smaller than I had , but the location is fantastic , staff friendly , decor is cool and the asian restaurant is quite good ( they do a great burger if you do n't like sushi type food ) .
I was a special guest . From the moment I checked in , I was made to feel like a special guest even though I had acquired an online rate that was better than most chain hotels . The front desk staff were friendly , the room service staff efficient , even pouring my coffee before leaving . The rooms were large and luxurious , with a nice big shower AND tub . Having Starbuck 's practically in the hotel was nice , and the area is near lots of shopping and a Cheesecake Factory ! Right down to the doorman fetching me a taxi on my departure , I was a VIP in every way . Would definitely stay here again .
Excellent New Hotel . This is an excellent hotel for its price range . If you are willing to spend a lot more money for a different hotel , go ahead . But this was a good investment for what it offers . The staff was cordial , the room was clean and the furniture was chic and contemporary . And there 's a Starbucks in the building for late night snacks ! The Inn is just a few blocks away from the Seattle Center ( Space Needle , Museums ) and the Monorail , which takes you to the downtown area in a zip . Though dishes and silverware are not included in the kitchenette , you can call room service and they will promptly deliver bowls / plates / spoons / forks to your room at no cost . The rooms are small , but not claustrophobic . Overall , I had a great time at the Mediterranean Inn during my 4 - night stay in Seattle . I 'll definitely stay there again next time I visit that city .
Comparison : Grand Hyatt . We moved from the Sheraton ( conference location ) to the Grand Hyatt for a few more days in Seattle so here is a bit of information about each of them . They are both very comfortable and convenient . Our room at the Sheraton was big and bright but the bathroom was pretty small and a little dated . The Grand Hyatt room was much smaller and very dark but the bath was gorgeous . It was huge and new but the light was so dim it was really difficult to apply makeup . The amenities at the Sheraton are worthless - the Grand Hyatt was much better ( but not as nice as Sofitel ) . Bed at the Sheraton was very comfortable but the Hyatt was incredible . Plus , they had a neat electronic room - darkening shade that really helped in the morning . They also had an electronic privacy button rather than the little tag you put outside the door . It was very quiet at both locations . They both charge $ 10 for in - room Internet , which I think is nickel dime stuff considering the price of the room . The Hyatt ( I think - and maybe the Sheraton , too ) also tacks on a charge for the morning newspaper . You can choose not to get it , but you have to do so at registration , I believe . The only bar at the Hyatt is the Ruth Chris ' bar - when we tried to take a glass of wine upstairs to our room , we were told that was not usually allowed , but if we were discreet , it was okay . We were successful , but I did n't appreciate feeling like a crook to take my drink upstairs ! Did not attempt this at the Sheraton bar , so ca n't say about that . Overall , both hotels were very good experiences and I can recommend either . I 'd say , go with the best price , unless a real modern look is important to you . Then go with the Hyatt .
Huge rooms at the Watertown . I stayed at the Watertown Hotel , located near the university , because I had a special deal from TravelZoo . com for $ 10 off the regular price . It was a delightful experience and better , for my traveling taste , than the W Hotel downtown ( for which I also had a TravelZoo discount ) . Finding it is easy , parking onsite is easy , and the surrounding neighborhood is interesting and funky . The Watertown has a clever ala cart menu that visitors can use to select carts ( literally ) for their room based on what theme sounds interesting to them - - spa cart comes with bath goodies , art cart comes with crayons and watercolors , baby cart comes with things you 'd want if traveling with an infant . You can request a cart in advance or when you check in . My room , located in a corner , was the size of my living and dining rooms at home - - I could n't believe how huge it was . I highly recommend staying at the Watertown and eating at the vegetarian restaurant Carmelita located about 15 minutes ' drive away , through a residential area .
A Very Cool Hotel . If you 're looking for a cool , offbeat place that also has a sense of humor , The Max is for you . The hotel location , design , vibe and staff are geared towards providing you and your significant other , ( but probably NOT your kids ) an artistic and somewhat funky place to get back to in between enjoying Seattle . Modern fixturing , tons of original art , a sleek lobby and hip restaurant ( which serves great breakfast and even better sushi ) left me quite satisifed with my pick . I did not find my room small as some of the reviewers here may have . But even if you find yours a bit cozy I guarantee it will be VERY clean . 4 days at the MAX were all great !
Great Family Hotel . August 05 - We spent a week at this family - friendly hotel during our first trip to the Pacific Northwest . We found the room was clean , staff very helpful friendly , and the breakfast buffet was good and had enough variety for the week . We tried to eat out on the balcony as often as possible . We arrived on a Tuesday , to a lounge happy hour , where my husband was happy to sample local beers , and my almost 2 yr old son happy to nosh on fresh fruit , cheese crackers . The outdoor pool was usually busy , but very nice . With the price of gas so high , we used the courtesy shuttle several times , and even arranged for it to pick us up downtown several times . The waterside room was definitely worth the extra $ 10 for the entertainment of watching the float planes plus the sunsets . Quick walk to several good restaurants , and even a small playscape for the little one to run around . Guest computers to check email also very much appreciated . We 'd stay there again in a heartbeat .
Best North Seattle Hotel . What a cool hotel . Definitely the place to stay in north Seattle . Love the shuttles to downtown , the U village shopping center and Adobe . Now my favorite place to stay when I am not required to be in the downtown area . Love all the extra touches like the alacarts . The free wine tasting , cookies and breakast were awesome . The lite meal was perfect on one of the coldest nights in Seattle in a long time . We did not want to out for dinner too cold . The warm hospitality made the difference . I also liked the added security touches of the keyed elevator . Will definitely stay there again ! Great Value !
At least a roof above your head . . . I found the rating in the other reviews were good , so we contacted the hotel after arriving in Seattle . We were very dissapointed : Noisy ( nightclub next to building , busy street ) , everything looks as if it wasnt replaced or repaired the last 40 years and the bed sheets showed lots of holes caused by cigarettes . . . . In the morning we adults had an icecold shower , the kids refused to do so . . . . Well , we paid only $ 130 but this was the highest price we ever spent on a Youth hostel style - room . We will never book this hotel again !
Great location , but not much more . I was here for a week in June , and it was my fifth stay in 10 years . It has gone downhill in recent years . The nice restaurant is gone ( but there are many close to the hotel ) . The lobby and rooms were a little shabby . I had to have lights replaced and something else repaired . It took forever to check in - only one person at the counter . I did n't get a mini bar key at check - in , or for 3 hours after requesting one ( and boy did I need a beer after being delayed on Alaska Air ! ) . I had to call 3 times for the key and 2 for the lightbulb . I got a $ 20 certificate for the inconvenience . Room service is very quick , but the quality is poor . Same exact food if you are at the cafe , room service or catering a banquet . I have catered events at this hotel and they used to be great . Ca n't beat the view on the 35th floor . This year the food was barely good . The pool is indoors upstairs and has a strong chlorine smell that wafts to the fancy ballroom . Rooms are very small . Beds are comfy . For $ 200 I would like a turn down and chocolate , decent room service and not have to spend a fortune on the phone or internet acess . Good location , but there are many other hotels around .
Views on upper floors a hit , parking a miss . Enjoyed a great local package deal with the hotel ( check out their local website first for rates ) . Our room was located on the upper ( old ) tower floors and in need of updating . The room and beds ( not comfortable ) showed wear and looked the same as when I last stayed ( 90 ' s ) but the view and staff were outstanding . The hotel has a new updated tower ( no high floors ) and lost it 's parking space - thus now only offers expensive valet parking at 35.00 + tax . The parking attendants were working hard but still have to wait outside in the cold for your car . If we choose to return , we would stay in the new tower and park the car across the street . Overall , an average stay with below average beds .
writing it in my room . I am writing this while I am at the hotel . First time ever did not have my room made up when I got back to my room . Did n't leave my do not disturb sign on all day . They just missed my room . Called 5 minutes ago to tell them told me i had to have left my do not disturn sign on my door . Dont my people making mistake , mind when they tell you its your fault .
Are You Kidding ? # 1 in Seattle ? ? Ok kind readers , its time for a reality check . Location : This hotel is located in the Northern part of Seattle near the U of W . If you have business with the school , or you are visiting your kid in college , this would be a good place to stay . But , if you are a tourist or businessperson , I do n't think this hotel is for you . I arrived in the evening and I must tell you that my first impression of the neighborhood was that it was kind of scary . The hotel has lots of security and management wants you to know that this place is locked down tight after dark . There are signs throughout the underground parking lot warning you not to leave anything in your car and that the hotel is not responsible for any losses you incur . Oh well , so much for warm , fuzzy - feeling first impressions . Because this property is near the university , the restaurants around the hotel cater to student budgets , so you have lots of nondescript ethnic eateries from which to choose - Thai , Indian , Mexican , Chinese , Pizza , Subway . Typical other businesses you 'll find in the area are barrooms , piercing shops , bodegas , record stores , recycled clothing stores , smoke shops , second - run movie theaters , and hair stylists . Now you get the picture ? Rooms : Think dorm room decorated by Ikea . Even though they cleverly added a big mirror to give the illusion of space , I found the rooms to be small and Spartan , but very clean . While the beds are indeed very comfortable , there is no blanket between the sheets and bedspread , so you must use the bedspread to stay warm . Since we all know that hotel bedspreads rarely get washed , I found this to be pretty gross . I 'm not particularly impressed by hotel toiletries because I bring my own stuff when I travel , but you might be charmed by little bottles of Aveda shampoos . There is some kind of gimmicky ala cart menu ( not food related ) that I have never seen before in a hotel . I really could not be bothered with it , so I can not offer an opinion , or even tell you what it is . This property offers free breakfast and free internet , both plusses , but overall , there is coldness to this hotel . It has a very pronounced industrial and institutional feel to it . What makes matters worse it that it is not affiliated with any chain , so you do n't even get travel points . Call me old - fashioned , but whenever I come to Seattle on business , which is quite often , I usually stay downtown . This time , I 've learned my lesson , I wo n't stray again .
Lovely room : Note pool is closed until September / Oct . Seating area in room
Good hotel , good location . Stayed here for 3 nights in July 2004 . Found it as you would expect for a large chain hotel . Large , smart lobby , check in staff advised us on safe areas to walk at night on arrival . However they were unable to locate the safe we apparantly had in our room ! Friendly attendant in the swimming pool / gym , although lots of kids in the pool . Room fine - clean fair size .
Great Value , Great Location , Great View . Just got back from Seattle and we stayed here for 4 nights . I rate this place highly because it is cheap , clean , all of the rooms have kitchenettes and it is in a great location . My wife and I stayed here with our baby and this place was great for us . The room was big enough for a travel crib . ( Room 411 ) It was quiet . And best of all there are two grocery stores very close to the hotel to buy food from and avoid overpriced , crowded restaurants . ( no fun with a baby ) The Metropolitan Store has tons of great food that is ready to eat . Safeway is kind of a dump . The hotel is also less than a block away from the bus stop that will take you right to Pike Market and Pioneer Square . Let 's face it , this is n't the Four Seasons . If you want that you have to pay for it . If you want to extend your stay by spending less on hotels , food , parking your car , and getting around . . . . stay here . ps : the roof top view is almost as good as the Space Needle .
Had hoped for more . First of all , the location of the Andra ca n't be beat . Walking to nearly every sight in Seattle was a breeze . However , I strain to compare this boutique hotel to the others I have visited on the west coast . The amenities were lackluster , the weightroom seemed like an afterthought , and the staff was astoundingly incompetent and insincere . They seemed to know next to nothing about the property or the city , and the management seemed to be hiding out in some alcove behind the desk . Overall , if you have money to burn and are looking for a staff to challenge your patience , you will not be disappointed . Wether that equals a happy stay because of the location is up to you .
For A Change of Pace . . . . . Watertown advertises itself as a unique urban hotel and it is , offering such amenities as wine tasting in the afternoon , bike rental , and a variety of fun carts that one can reserve free of charge ! I chose the spa cart which contained everything I needed to have a relaxing retreat in the bath , right down to music choices ( and the best part was no extra charge ) . The continental breakfast was way above average , the decor very modern and sleek , and not typical of standard hotel room configuration ( plus , everything was immaculate ) . There was a well - stocked little area in the lobby for snack purchases , as well as a nice workout room and conference rooms . The staff was very pleasant and competent , and obviously cared about doing a good job ; rates were very reasonable . Contributing to its hip , urban feel was the close proximity of the University of Washington - - we enjoyed walking around the area and even found a wonderful little farmer 's market several blocks north which offered local specialties in seasonal produce and baked goods . We will definitely make the Watertown our hotel of choice during our next opportunity to visit Seattle !
Watertown Seattle 's Best . The Watertown Hotel in Seattle is my favorite place to stay . The rooms are immaculate , the location is very central , free high speed internet , etc . The a la carte program is a lot of fun and can be a great way to relax . The wine tasting in the evening is very unique and they have and interesting and unique Pacific Northwest wine list . The best part about the Watertown are the staff . I 've always received the best service , the best restaurant recommendations and I always look forward to going back .
Great amenties but tiny room ! The room was lovely , but tiny ! Very bright and nicely decorated with wonderful Aveda products . Service was great , very friendly . Great location near shopping for the price . Restaurant was also quite tasty . The only real complaint I have is that the walls were paper thin , our neighbors were living the high - life and stayed up very late ! Fortunately the A / C was pretty loud so we turned the A / C on it drown the sound out pretty well .
Not impressed ! We booked this 4* hotel on the strength of the recommendations on trip advisor and boy were we disappointed ! All our previous selections had been a great sucess , so we thought we 'd increase our budget slightly and stay here for 2 nights on our way home . We were travelling with 2 small children ( 57 ) so booked one room for us all . The lobby of the hotel is small and gloomy with 2 inconvenient steps down and this just about sums up the hotel . We received a lukewarm welcome at check in ( early evening ) and a very weak offer of help with parking and our luggage . The room itself was dark with 2 very small double beds , but a view of the spaceneedle . The bathroom was dated ( compared to other hotels we had just visited ) , a pretty pathetic shower and a hole in the ceiling . We asked at guest services for recomendations for children friendly restaurants and the staff shrugged their shoulders until a member of staff called Dave came to help us . He was the most helpful member of staff we came across our entire stay ! He gave us directions even advised us on portion sizes . The other times that we contacted front desk / guest services ( very difficult to tell them apart ) we were met by unhelpful unknowledgable staff for very straightforward requests verging on the sarcastic and rude . We enquired about other breakfast restaurants , whale watching tours and pottery barn locations ) and we ended up doing our own research and bookings . The standard of housekeeping was not as good as it should have been - the maid did n't remove or replace dirty cups glasses and wanted to get in our room at 8am on the day we were checking out . We only ate breakfast only once in the hotel , and the waitress ( a mature lady ) started off by giving our children ( who were sitting quitely ) a lecture about behaving and being good for their parents . Slow service given a nearly empty restaurant . The hotel is located centrally and we were able to walk to places , but the parking is $ 27 a day for guests which we thought pricey . We were also told by the front desk that internet access on our laptop was free , but at checkout $ 11 per day had been added to our bill . When I questioned this , I was told that as I had been ' miss told ' they would remove it , but I was made to feel pretty bad about it . Overall , its a dark , dated hotel let down badly by the unhelpful and rude staff . We could n't believe all the previous excellent tripadvisor reports !
Poor Quality - Poor Service - Under Construction - Attitude . I was extremely disappointed with my stay at Seattle Sheraton . The service was horrendous , the beds were improperly made , front desk had attitude . There was no concierge and the business center was not available because of construction . I travel 3 of 4 weeks a month and found this property to be less than satisfactory and the service provided was unpleasant . The front desk compensated us with 3 $ 15 food credits for the bedding problems , which were never corrected . The beds are short sheeted which causes the bed to unravel and we found our selves sleeping on the bare mattress ( disgusting ) when we woke up in the morning . The $ 15 food credits did not satisfy us due to the poor quality of food , service and cleanliness . The food in the restaurant was cold , service was slow , and each time I ate in there ( the first when we did n't know any better and the 2nd 2nd time was because of the food coupons ) - either the silverware was dirty or the water glasses and coffee cups were dirty , and expensive breakfast buffet for $ 25 . The pool area was poorly ventilated and I cut my foot on a broken drain cover in the whirlpool , shortly after that a young boy sliced his foot open and a house doctor was called . I mentioned my foot at check out the next morning and all they said was they were sorry . The noise from the construction was annoying at 6am and we were not notified in advance that services promised ( business center , concierge ) would not be available . Parking at $ 28 was obscene and the $ 1.50 for 6 oz . bottle of water in the vending machine was ridiculous - the picture showed a full size water bottle . Horrible - absolutely horrible .
Park across the street - smell the glove ! Park across the street , $ 6 for 24hrs on weekends , $ 35 + at the hotel . Check - in was efficient , mechanically so , but painless . Stayed in the old tower 10th floor . Nize size rooms with adequate bath . Quiet , comfy bed . However , room smelled like wet - dog a bit . The tub also had long black hair stuck to it ( gross ) . Location is perfect for that part of the city , close to all . I would stay there again at deal rates but would probably ask for new tower to hopefully avoid odor which was not offensive enough to change rooms but a little yucky !
This Cool hotel lost me with the Uncomfortable bed . Most of the other reviews hit the nail on the head . This hotel is hip and unlike any other you have ever been too . The furnishings are unusual and kind of fun . The cart program is kind of cool , but more gimmicky than practical . The location is not ideal for tourist activities , but a rental car ( free parking ) can easily solve that . The staff is courteous , but generally are a bit too busy ( check - in and check - out were both over 5 minutes ) . The free continental breakfast is a nice touch , but not of superior quality . The fitness room is VERY small and not private ( it opens to the breakfast area and has sidewalk - level windows in a busy college area ) . Unfortunately , a comfortable bed can make or break a hotel . We stayed in a suite , and our bed was EXTREMELY uncomfortable . To add to the coolness factor , the mattress was placed on a solid wood block with no boxspring . This made for a mattress that progressively felt firmer the longer you slept on it . The worst feeling in the world is to cut your sleep short in the morning because its just too uncomfortable . It took about an hour or so to work the kinks out of our back . In all , this hotel has a laundry list of things going for it . However , only the hotel and room decor is where they appear to have gone the extra mile . Everything else appears to have been added to bolster its amenities list , but not a whole lot of PRACTICAL thought went with it . For me , I would n't plan a lengthy vacation at this hotel as the coolness factor will wear out in about 2 days . What you will be left with is a longing for traditional amenities in a more central location .
The W - Fun diferent and cool too . View from 15th floor
Indenty Theft Alert . I usually stay at the Moore a couple times a year , without any problems . I always book in advance and pay with my credit card . Last time they asked for my drivers license . With Identity theft on the rise - I told them I did n't have a problem showing ID - but I was n't going to let them write my Drivers License down . The Moore Hotel said that unless they wrote my drivers license down - I would n't be allowed to rent a room . I told them that the Hilton did n't require extra ID and My group went there instead . I reported them to Visa .
We have n't even stayed there yet and have been treated like dirt ! I just booked our room on hotwire and was disappointed as soon as I saw the hotel . It looks old and not well kept . I called to see what type of room we would be receiving and the operator treated me like I was a homeless person begging for a room instead of a paying guest . I am absolutely sick that we are now stuck at this hotel .
Great value in Seattle . Myself and spouse stayed at the Warwick Seattle for four days in September . This hotel does not disappoint as a reasonably priced stay in the downtown area . It 's an easy walk to all sightseeing attractions ( five blocks from the waterfront ) and there is a free bus in Seattle but we could never figure out how that worked ( do some research before you go ! ! ) . Our room ( king bed ) was spacious and nicely appointed , very comfortable and with plenty of pillows . The coffee in the room of course was great ( this being Seattle ) . The bath is finished in marble with a deep tub and hand - held shower which was a nice touch . Toiletries were below average but that 's not a huge consideration for us . Our only complaints concerned the front desk . I had made two reservations : one for the first part of our trip and one for the third leg ( after Olympic Penninsula ) but decided to cancel the second reservation . When we arrived at the hotel after a full day of travel the desk clerk kept us waiting for several minutes without so much as a hello . We moved to the second desk clerk when she was free and were told that our reservation could not be found . No attempt was made to look for it . We had to walk up the stairs to the parking garage and get our confirmation from our luggage and only then did they find the reservation . The following day my office tried to call and was told that we were n't staying there . Parking is $ 21 / day which is pretty steep but the only option because parking in Seattle is scarce . The hotel does n't have a shuttle so the only other option was a cab which is about $ 30 . The hotel restaurant is adequate but for a really great breakfast walk a block to the Mayflower Park Hotel ( pricey but fabulous ) .
As good as claimed . I booked a room at the Moore for two weekend nights thinking I would get one with a shared bathroom . Well , there were issues with the shared bathrooms ( I never found out what they were ) so the desk clerk gave me a complimentary upgrade to a room on the 7th floor with its own very small bathroom and a view of the city and Lake Union in the distance . It was very comfortable , warm and secure ( which in Belltown is always an issue ) and the location could not be better . I will definitely be back .
A Night at the Warwick . The rooms at the Warwick were nice . They were clean , comfortable and quiet . However , there was nothing exceptional about them . The restaurant was also nice and the food was good . The staff , on the other hand , was not pleasant or helpful . In fact there was one member of the staff who was outright rude . I felt like I was in their way when checking in and asking questions . I would recommend the Warwick to someone looking for a reasonable priced hotel , but do n't expect too much .
Great Location , Great Value . My husband and I stayed at The Moore for 3 nights / 4 days beginning on September 15th . The main purpose of our visit was to see a concert at the Paramount Theatre but we decided to add a couple of extra days to see Seattle . We found the hotel to be a great location to everything that downtown Seattle has to offer . Our room was a good size , clean and comfortable . Pike 's Market , shopping and restaurants are all close by . It 's true that the hotel does not have the frills of other downtown hotels but , as far as I 'm concerned , getting some fluffier towels and free shampoo / conditioner is not worth an additional $ 150 + USD / night . Suggestions : Woodland Park Zoo ( fantastic and worth the 10 minute bus drive out of downtown ) ; Anthony 's Pier 66 ( excellent seafood restaurant on the waterfront ) Enjoy your stay at the Moore !
Not sure . Old building , remodeled , and it shows . Sleeping room was relatively small . Stand - alone closet with short space for hanging garments . No sitting chairs , just a weird desk chair that did not elevate . Heating system is a window AC unit that has to be shut off at night or guests will roast . Tiny bathroom with small glass shelf above tiny stainless steel railroad car sink . Gap between the shelf and wall that allows small items to drop to the floor . Toilet is undersized round bowl . And toilet paper holder mounted to block a person 's leg . Bed was awful , saggy thing . Nice lobby with uncomfortably low furniture . Interesting blow up artsy photos on all doors . Appearance like discount W . Convenient to US Court House ( across the street ) . Convenient to shopping area . Our weekend price was reasonably low . One night is about all we could take . Next time , a different choice , I am sure . Most pleasant memory is gull that sat on the window sill , begging through the glass for food .
Not so great at all ! Initially the hotel looked nice from outside . The lobby was a lot smaller than we had thought from the photographs and it was all looking a little shabby . I was immediately put off by the unproffesional manner the front desk staff seemed to have . As we went into the lift a staff maintence worker came out of the lift , i dont mean to sound rude but the lift was small enough and surely it should be just for guests ! When we got to the room we were a little dissapointed at how small the bathroom was honestly it was the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in my life thankgod we are slim people ! When we got home one evening we noticed that the bed sheets looked unwashed we found hairs all over the sheets . We asked for them to be changed and they were but to be honest the new sheets didnt look or smell much cleaner . One evening we were stood waiting for the lift we waited and waited and still nothing ! We asked if there were any stairs we could use as most hotels do have a set , we were then escorted through the unbelievably messy and horrible looking back office ! I have never in my life had to do that in any hotel ! All in all we really were n't impressed there are plenty of other nice hotels in the city so avoid this one !
good hotel but not perfect . The hotel is well situated , but very noisy because of e big construction site at the corner and the streets around . On the hotel website they do n't say anyhing about this construction . Rooms are quite nice , well furnished ( we were 2 aduts ans 3 kids and had a one bedroom suite with a roll away bed and double sofa bed in the siting room ) . The bathroom is very tiny even for 2 persons and looked quite old for a 4 stars hotel . For the 5 of us it was a good price . Restaurant lola downstairs is very good but expensive in the evening . The staff is nice and helpful .
Good Bargin . We stayed at the Mediterranean Inn at for a couple of nights at the end of vacation around the Olympic Peninsula . The price is a good bargin compared to other hotels in the city center . The location is not bad and easy to get downtown , which is not far from hotel . We used public transportation . The views of the city and water are great , especially from the roof patio they have at the Inn . The staff was very helpful and pleasant . They also have an excellant laundry room for guest to use . We would recommend this Inn . Note try to get rooms off the street side facing water .
Great Rooms . Desk Bar area
Respectable Mommy kicked out of the Hyatt ! ! Letter sent to Hyatt Consumer Complaints : I am a busy mother of 3 young children . As such , I was looking so very forward to attending the Humane Education Workshop in Vancouver , BC on October 19 - 20 . Although I intended to attend the workshop to enhance my proficiency as a university professor , I have no shame in admitting that I relished the idea of a few precious days all to myself . My day started on a bad note when I was bumped from my flight in Podunk , Washington . Without any other feasible flight option , I found myself facing a 7 to 8 hour drive to Vancouver . I did not know it at the time , but my journey would include an emergency tire purchase in Ellensburg and a trip over Snoqualmie Pass during a Severe Storm Warning . I stopped in North Bend to rest after conquering the pass , and decided to make hotel reservations in Seattle for the night to rest my weary bones . I had stayed at the Grand Hyatt once before and LOVED it , so I decided to indulge myself and made reservations . I arrived at the Seattle Grand Hyatt shortly after 8pm , checked in without incident , settled myself into my room and then happily made my way to the nearby Cheesecake Factory for Avocado Eggrolls and decadent cheesecake . I had not eaten anything that day so to simply state that I enjoyed my dinner would be an enormous misrepresentation of my experience ! ( In fact , even with what was to come , having eaten that one extraordinary meal . . . made it all worthwhile ! ! ) I practically skipped back to my room , looking forward to a relaxing bath and a good night 's sleep . Alas , my key did n't work , so I made my way to the lobby to get another . When I arrived at the front desk at approximately 11pm , I was asked if I had another form of payment , as my card was not accepting the room charge . I did not have another form of payment . I do not use credit cards ( I use only my Visa debit card ) , I do n't use checks ( who takes out - of - town checks anymore ? ? ) and never carry cash , except for the occasional $ 20 . I immediately knew what was wrong . I use a small credit union and , for whatever reason , ( I can only assume it is an anti - theft / safety measure ) when my card is used outside my home area , a safety hold kicks in and the card declines further debits . I can only resolve the issue by calling my credit union ( which operates 8 - 5pm on weekdays ) . They immediately remove the hold and make note in their system that I have traveled outside my home area . ( I only know this because I traveled to Nelson , BC and Chicago , Illinois over the summer and both times had to call my credit union because of the afore mentioned safety hold . Fortunately , The W in Chicago was much more understanding of my circumstances than the Grand Hyatt ended up being . ) I offered to call my husband to give them his credit card number to act as a guarantor until morning , but was required to have him fax his permission . We do n't have a fax machine at our house and I absolutely could not ask my husband to wake my three sleeping children at 11pm to go hunting for a fax machine . I offered collateral ( I have a very lovely MacBook that I ca n't live without and would have served as a SUBSTANTIAL motivator for me to pay my hotel bill ! ! I also have a shiny little Pontiac Vibe , which was already in their possession ! ! ) I even went so far as to pull up my banking account online , showing the manager my account balance ( which was approximately $ 1739 ) . After all of my pleading , I was escorted by security at 11:30pm to collect my things from the room and was tossed out on my ear . Faced with no other option , I got in my car and drove back home , through the same weather conditions I had faced earlier . ( I have BLISTERS on three of my fingers from gripping the steering wheel so firmly while battling the severe gusts of wind . . . it was THAT bad . ) Having endured my gripping tale , you might be wondering about the purpose of my email , aside from my seemingly obvious penchant for whining . My purpose is to ask a simple question . Is there no room for decency or compassion within the Hyatt corporate structure ? Seriously . EVERY SINGLE SIGN suggested that I was a trustworthy person . I had really good evidence to support my claims . Yet , given the opportunity to be a shining example of customer service , your hotel staff chose instead to toss me out on my ear at 11:30pm . Shame on you , Hyatt . Any corporation that would require their employees to stand belligerent , unsympathetic and utterly opposed to one simple and ordinary act of human kindness , does not deserve my patronage . This , my unbelievably discourteous treatment at the hands of your little corporate minions , I shall shout from the rooftops .
W Needs S ' more Customer Service . While the room itself was pretty nice , with a good view and an alcove couch , I was not impressed by the rest of the hotel . I spent two weeks emailing back and forth with the whatever whenever service at the W Seattle to try to arrange for a special fantasy camping surprise for my fiance who loves to camp . We finally came up with s ' mores , which the woman from the whatever whenever service told me the kitchen could definitely do . She priced it out for me , and I okayed it and asked for it at 10 PM , when we were due to arrive . It was not ready for us , and the man at the front desk told me that it could be done the next day at 3 PM . We rushed back to our room the next day to make it there by 3 PM , but no s ' mores . I called the front desk to ask what happened . Apparently , no one went out to get the materials and I was asked if I could wait another 45 minutes to an hour . We had dinner reservations with friends whom we had not seen in quite some time , so I had to say no . Nothing was offered to compensate for this fiasco , not even a sincere apology . I was asked if the manager could call me , and I said that would be fine . The manager never called me . Only when I complained the following day at check out was anything done . I was given two tickets for free drinks at the W Bar and told not to spend over $ 15 dollars per drink ! This was all extremely rude . I have never had a problem in another hotel like this . Friends of mine who have had problems at hotels have received more of a concerned response from staff and management . This hotel definitely did not have five - star service !
W is a disappointment . We booked this hotel through American Express and received an upgrade to a corner room . The hotel attempts to be cool and edgy by refusing to light the lobby or hallways to a sufficient level . Our room was an Asian inspired minimalist decor which I did appreciate but the furniture lacked sturdiness and had seen better days . I was more disappointed in the service aspects of the hotel than in the room itself . Our room had no directory of hotel services and the front desk did not understand why we were requesting such information . The room service menu was uninspired and expensive . In Seattle on a Sunday evening after 9 p . m . room service was our only option . The general unfriendliness of the hotel staff was apparent . Three of the four days of our stay we had to call and request housekeeping clean our room because it was past 4 p . m . and no one had been in to clean the room . This hotel puts too much emphasis on branding and not enough on guest comfort . It is way overpriced for the facilities and services offered .
A must for the Seattle experience . My stay at the Andra was exceptional . The location was terrific . Within walking distance of Pike Street , Needle , Jazz Clubs , Fine Restruants , and just plain city kicking around . The rooms were clean and well maintained . The staff was the best . The beds were unreal . If I didnt want to go out and see the city so much I would have just layed about in them all day they were that comfortable . My wife and myself were so impressed that we have swore to return for a long weekend . For those who are taking a cruise out of Seattle , like us , plan an extra day or two prior to your leaving and stay at the Andra ( about 3 minutes form the debarkation dock ) to compliment your trip . You will not be dissapointed .
I really wanted to like the Watertown , but . . . . . . Our first two days at the Watertown were great . We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the chocolate chip cookies in the lobby . It was a good value for the price we were paying . . . . until our 3rd day . We left at 7am in the morning and when we returned at 3pm I was surprised to see a maid 's cart on the floor . I did n't think much of it until we went in our room and saw that the room was n't made up . We were in town for a wedding that was starting in 2 hours , so we picked up a couple towels from the floor and started getting ready . While I was in the shower housekeeping stopped by . My husband explained that we were getting ready and to come back after 4pm . A few minutes later we got a call from the front desk saying that if we did n't get our room cleaned right then that it would n't be cleaned at all . Finally the front desk said that the room would be made up after 6pm . That was fine with us , since we were going to be out until late in the evening . To our surprise at 4pm housekeeping showed up again . We were almost ready , so told them to come back in 10 minutes and we would be gone . Two minutes later the front desk called and said that the maid had left and that our room would not be cleaned up . The conversation went back and forth with the front desk . Even at a Motel 6 I expect to have my room made up . In the end as we were leaving I gave the front desk my blackberry number and told them to have the manager call me if they were unable to get our room cleaned . The clerk at the front desk ( who was giving us some serious attitude ) got off the phone ( with whom appeared to be the offsite manager ) and announced that she was going to clean our room and to not exepct much since she was n't a trained housekeeper . We returned to a room that appeared to be cleaned , except for that there were no bath towels in the room and instead we were left with 5 bath mats ! Maybe that was the clerk 's way of getting even with us . The front desk appeared to be staffed by college students and not once between Thursday and Sunday did we see a manager or someone who appeared over 25 years old . I really question who is in charge here . I should n't have to argue with a clerk over whether my room is going to be cleaned , especially when I was gone for 8 hours during the day . I did contact the manager when I returned home . They did say that my experience should not have happened . They offered me $ 20 off a future stay . No thank you . I 'd rather stay some place where I can be assured of clean towels and no attitude ! If everything is going well and you have low expectations , I think the Watertown is a fine place to stay . But if anything out of the ordinary happens ( like housecleaning not being able to get rooms clean by 3pm ) , good luck ! ! !
Avoid this place . I bought into the W thing early on but I am so over it . Everything in this hotel seems darker than even the other W 's I stayed in . When you come in from walking around the city you can not see a thing let alone find a key . And the loud , thumping music that fills the lobby is not what I want to hear after a long work day . I could not even hear the desk staff . The rooms are way over priced ( give me the Sheraton or Westin dream beds ! ) and I want to see if my room is clean ( ca n't in the dark . ) And for a place so dark - blinds on the window that let in all the outside light when you finally do get in bed . They offered to hang black - out curtains so they must have heard this before . I took them up on it the next day . it was a black metal rod crammed in the window with thin , black fabric safety pinned over the rod ! Not much better than the blinds ! And it is Seattle - NO COFFEE MAKER ! Do n't even ask about their much touted restauarant - Just dont ' !
Too noisy ! I stayed in a corner room with a great view of the city , I liked everything about my room . However , I advise that you do n't take the corner rooms - - because of the noise produced by the traffic around the building is just too much that I did n't sleep well . . .
Really poor quality - - A very bad stay . I 'm not so sure why so many people rate the Mediterranean Inn as well as they do . This is one of those hotels that 's all about show and very little about quality . I chose to stay at the hotel because of the generally positive feedback from TripAdvisor and the overall appearance of the hotel based on the pictures I had seen . But upon arrival , it was obvious that the hotel would be lacking . Generally unlean , tacky decor , and the bare minimum of comforts define the hotel . I 've stayed in many Best Westerns that are superior in these regards . Our room was tiny and bed uncomfortable and overly springy , with old and dirty looking sheets . The window was tiny , and despite what you see in the pictures , there are no balconies - - just made to look that way . Our refrigerator did n't work , there was no air conditioning , and despite a temperate 70 degree day in Seattle , the whole place managed to be stuffy and uncomfortable . One of the elevators was broken the whole stay as well . The staff were generally unconcerned about things and there never seemed to be enough of them to handle things properly . The price is less than many other quality hotels in Seattle , but do n't make the mistake of comparing this hotel to anything nice . Compare it to a Best Western or Ramada Inn , and you 'll still be far happier at one of those .
Good , but nothing special . Bedroom Shot # 1 with Roary the Lion
Creepy Wow . Where do I start ? This is the creepiest place I 've ever seen . If you like a giant red , plastic ( ? ) check in area ; a blown - up pic of a naked woman plastered on the wall upon arrival ; dark , narrow , creepy hallways with an eye chart plastered at the end ( what the hell was that all about ? ) ; a Campbell Soup - sized elevator with no access to stairs ( they 're for emergencies ) ; a micro - bathroom and condoms and a vibrator in the bureau drawer , then this might be the place for you ! Creepy , freaky , cold , unwelcoming , scary and did I mention creepy ? I canceled my second night and got the hell out of there . I do n't even like Seattle now . Yuck .
Do not stay here . This hotel was terrible . Broken elevators . Cold , drafty , heat did n't work . Was the coldest night I 'd ever spent indoors . Called the front desk and asked for a space heater , but none ever arrived . Went down to the front desk at 5am to speak to a manager , but none was on duty . Checked out after a terrible night and switched hotels . The hotel agreed to refund my charges for the night . About two weeks later , however , I checked my credit card statement and saw that I had been charged about $ 350 by the hotel , including a random , separate charge , of about $ 4.50 . It turns out they had never actually checked me out , so while I had been staying at ( and paying for ) another hotel , this hotel had still been charging me . Also sounds like someone maybe charged a drink to the room . The hotel was very nice about refunding the money , but it took a few phone calls , and was stress I did n't need after my brief and unpleasant stay . This is basically an old , budget hotel with fancy water taps and a nice bed installed . I switched to the Hotel Vintage Park , which , when you add in the free wireless internet , was basically the same price . Plus at the Vintage Park they had a free wine reception and a free port reception every night . Really saved on the mini bar bill . Most of all , it was comfortable , inviting , well run and WARM . Bottom line on the Max : Sometimes a bargain is no bargain at all .
Mixed experience . I travel frequently for work and pleasure , and found Hotel Max to be a mixed experience . My reservation was in order when I arrived , but despite calling twice and making sure that incidentals were cleared from the room and a hold would n't be put on the credit card I put down , on arrival I was told that 's not possible . Reasonably , I put a credit card down and they placed the hold . However , two hours later when I was resting in the room cleaning staff came in and emptied out all incidentals . So , now I did n't have anything in the room and the charge was on my card . The room itself was crowded and VERY small ( compared to similar boutiques in San Francisco ) with a knob window heater ( opposed to a digital one that moderates the temperature ) . I 'm native to Minnesota so found Seattle to be fairly temperate in comparison so this was n't a huge deal , but might be a a factor for someone coming from a warmer climate - - or someone that does n't want to wake up roasting / freezing . Eventually the room felt more cozy instead of cramped , but it did take some getting used to . The decor is entertaining . There were multiple occasions in the three days I was there that my room became very smoky , likely from a nearby smoking room . Opening the window solved the problem . I could also hear my neighbors talking normally in the other room . On the positive side , the art on the doorways in stunning and the hotel certainly has personality . The front desk was friendly , knowledgeable and competent . They have a free business center with high speed internet and printers . Their location is prime for walking to most parts of the city . Typically , there 's a two minute wait for a cab ( they have to call one ) . HOWEVER , if you walk uphill a block to the Westin there 's a whole line of available cabs to take . If you 're looking for somewhere to crash for the night , this is a great choice . However , if you 're looking for someone to spend some time at , there are probably better choices available for the money .
Great Value . Excellent location only 2 blocks from Pike Place markets and transport . We had refurbished room which was clean , huge and very comfortable . Free guest computer with internet access and very friendly staff . This hotel is exceptional value for money .
Okay for the weekend . Arrived after the Mariners baseball game on Friday evening . Check in was okay . Room was smaller than we had anticipated , as we had gotten a suite and it was tight with two adults and two older teenage boys ! Parking spaces were SO NARROW that we had difficulty getting in and out of our van . There was not alot of room for error when you were backing up either . Continental breakfast was plentiful with waffles , juice / coffee , yogurt , hard boiled eggs , cheese , bagels / toast , danish , cereal , apples and oranges . It was nice to open up the living area doors to look at Lake Union , but there was no balcony to speak of ( BE CAREFUL , those railings are wobbly ! ) Okay for a weekend stay but we will not stay here again as we find the Silver Cloud Broadway is better for us .
Bed Bugs ! I stayed here due to the mostly very good reviews I found online . However after 2 nights here , I received over 10 bed bug bites , 2 on each of my hands , 4 on my back and 5 more on my arms ! I ca n't believe I paid over $ 130 for this experience and it 's taking over a week for the bites to go away . I called and complained and am hoping they have done something about it .
Surely , not the # 1 in Seattle . Had reservations at Westin but changed after reading reviews seeing the pictures of the bath area . Should have kept my reservations at the Westin or probably should have booked at the Marriott . We took the shuttle which we learned about via of the Hyatt website . We were put out at the 6th Street entrance . There was no one there at that entrance to help with baggage . We had 4 suitcases first had to lug up stairs to the lobby . Once in the lobby , which was not impressive , we were not greeted by anyone . We lugged our bags to a cart that was at the check in deck . No problem with the check in . When the lady asked if we needed help with our luggage , we said that we had lugged it this far had put it on the cart thus we could get it to the room . She replied by saying that we could not use the cart that the bell boy would have to push it . We were up high had a good view of the Sound the Lake but the ATT building was in the way . When I looked in our bathroom , I noticed that it did not have a separte shower . I called the front desk to ask what happened . I told her that my main reason for changing was due to the bath area reviews . At first she did not know what I was talking about then she said that they did have a couple of rooms that did not have a separate shower . I asked for another room she said that they were booked up unless I wanted to upgrade . I told her no that we would just keep the room . We proceeded to unpack . Shortly later , some lady knocked at the door inquired as to our check in . I told her what had happened she said that she would see what she could do . Just before we left our room , she called back to see if we wanted to move we said no because we had already unpacked . Probably should have based on future problems . Went downstairs to the concierge , Eric . He was on the phone , not business purpose . He apparently did not appreciate us bothering him thus he was very short with us was no help . In fact , one of the waiters in the bar was more helpful . The bath area was very very disappointing . The first night , we could not get but luke warm water . Only one time during our stay , did we even have to turn the cold water on . The tub was nice big but it had some space at the back front . This was a problem for the shower . The shower curtain did not cover the whole tub thus water would run out on the floor . The only way for the shower not to make a mess was to take it off the holder hold it close to the tub . Have you ever had to take a shower that the water went from would go back forth from kind of hot to luke warm the pressure would go back forth ? If not , stay at the Hyatt . If this is the # 1 rated hotel in Seattle , then I hate to see the others . Maybe , trip advisor needs to revisit as to how they rate the hotels . We left Seattle went to Vancouver for a couple of nights then drove back to Seattle to fly back home . The night before we left , we stayed at the Marriotti at the airport it was great . If it were downtown , it would put the Hyatt to shame . The best thing about the location was it was on the same block that I had a rental car .
Do n't stay for the hotel - stay for the location . Make no mistake - the Moore is pretty much a dump . Its old and any improvements / repairs all look completely half baked . However , everything was functional , the price was not bad ( $ 91 plus tax for two queens and a roll away ) , and I thought the location was perfect for us - close to Pikes Place market ( can buy anything ) , the Waterfront ( Bainbridge Ferry / shops , seafood restaraunts ) , Belltown ( pubs / clubs ) , and the Monorail for a trip to the Space Needle area . I thought Seattle was great - plenty of specialty shops , restaraunts , coffee shops , pubs , and clubs , plus the water . Loved it .
Terrible Service at the W Hotel ! I stayed at the W , Seattle in January 2007 , and I have to say I was quite disappointed in the service . Firstly , I should say that it is a well designed hotel , so I definitely appreciated the ambiance , however , service was not very good . Upon entering our room , the toilet was dirty ! When we complained about it , they did offer to switch our room , which was a nuisance since I literally unpacked everything ! But they promised it would be an upgrade . To our dismay , the only difference with the new room was that it had a built - in bench by the window instead of two chairs . The other problem was that we asked for hot water to make baby formula . They told me I had to pay $ 6 for that . . . to make baby formula ! I could n't believe what a rip - off that was . Unfortunately , it was late in the evening , so I just paid the ridiculous price . I would have just boiled hot water in the coffee maker if they had a coffee maker like their room booklet said they should have , but of course , after having opened for 8 months , they said they still were ironing out the kinks . The one positive thing is that I complained about this issue the next day , and they did reimburse us for the water , but if first impressions are important for a classy hotel chain such as the W , I ca n't say that I was very impressed at all .
Now a local 's favorite . The bed was heavenly ! And the suite we stayed in was wonderful . I highly suggest getting the reservation through the hotel website itself ( - - - - ) to get some sweet deals , like free breakfast at the Tom Douglas restaurant and some Starbucks gift cards . The staff was always pleasant , helpful and friendly !
Great place - TERRIBLE accoustics . I 've stayed at this place two different weeks . I love it - I love the concept . However , BRING EARPLUGS ! This is the second time that near midnight the footsteps of the guests above sound like kick drums . I 'm not a light sleeper . There 's nothing to be done about this - but it is ridiculous .
Very Nice with a Unique Urban Flair . This was my first stay at a W property . Contrary to what is written on here - - at least by some - - I found the W Seattle to be just what I was looking for . As a volunteer coordinator for a group , I was able to negotiate a rate of $ 136 / night ( for 11 rooms ) . The rooms were immaculate and as advertised , well - equipped . While it 's true that the hallways are dimly lit ( with difused blue lighting ) , that 's the point ! The W Seattle is a funky Seattle property right in the heart of downtown and within easy walking distance to Pike Market and other attractions . If you 're looking for bright lights , go to a Holiday Inn or Motel 6 . ( You 'll be sure to get a light of hallway lighting there albeit flourescent ! ) . The staff was very friendly and warmly welcomed my group . We used the Strategy Room which had a nice Boardroom - type setting with a fixed table and built - in audio visual equiptment . I ordered in a continental breakfast for thr group consisting of bagels and cream cheese ( average ) ; Starbucks Coffee ( always good ) and the W 's own homemade granola bars ( AWESOME ! ) My only complaint was that the meeting room itself had no windows . I 'm one of those persons who likes to see natural light . They do have meeting rooms with windows but they are your standard ballroom types with folding walls to compartmentalize the groups meeting . I was going for a more fixed boardroom . What can you do ? That 's the way the architect planned it . The lobby is tastefully done and the reception desk is lit by a row of flickering tea lights / candles . Again , not commercially illuminated but that 's the point ! Something different and unique . I would go back to this establishment - - without hesitation . Actually , now I am very curious about other W properties located throughout the country .
has location and ambience but pricey . not pleased with some services . Stayed here for 2 nights to attend a wedding . Although the ambience and style was nice for the wedding and reception and exactly what the bride wanted , I was not pleased with other services . Hotel was dark , guess that caters to the hip and trendy crowd . The cost of parking and drinks was ridiculous . Parking was twice the amount I paid even in Hawaii at an upscale hotel . Be careful if you have a promo code for discounted rooms , they did not work for us . I must say that the beds are comfortable as well as the pillows . On that note , be aware that they allow animals here . My son received numerous bites the first night . We were on the 14th floor but did not have a view as such , as we were on the north side of the hotel . Housekeeping discarded items that were not to be discarded even thou they were with the tux rental bags left on the bed . I agree with the other reviewer , eat breakfast at the Pike Place Market or even McDonalds at Westlake Center if your watching your pennies . But then again staying at The W is NOT watching your pennies . If I ever have to stay in Seattle again , I will not be choosing The W .
Reservation non - refundable . We had airline connection problems and did n't get to Seattle until the day after our reservation which was for Saturday . We missed the cruise ship . When we called on Saturday afternoon ( from San Jose where we were stranded in the airport ) and wanted to rebook for Sunday night , the hotel refused to refund the cost of Saturday night . Would n't discuss the situation . No refunds was their policy and that was that .
Not a good experience . I booked this hotel for a special occassion . I did it on a hotel booking website as a gift to someone . When they arrived they were treated so rudely I could n't believe it . As a frequent business traveler I have never had such a poor experience . The rudeness went right up the line to the general manager . My travel service had to step in and save the day . They blamed me for everything . I was so dissappointed .
Pleasant , basic hotel . Our stay was absolutely fine - rooms were pleasant enough and very clean , breakfast buffet was typical ( waffles , eggs , cereal , fruit ) , employees were very nice . The shuttle is a definite plus - very convenient both for trips to major areas and surprisingly quick for return trips . We had a room with a water view , but the water view is not really that great - I would n't make it a must have by any means . My only disappointment was that I love walking around neighborhoods and this hotel 's location does not really lend itself to that .
Geat stay at the Mediterrean . The Mediterrean is located close to Seattle Center and the Space Needle . It is only rated a 2star . It must be because there is no AC or restaurant attached . However , there is an attached Starbucks and the coffee aroma is great , esp in the AM . There is a nice roof top garden . . . Starbucks and a view ! ! What could be better . This was a great moderately priced hotel , that deserves a better rating . Clean rooms , efficient staff , prompt elevators . Nice decor , charming lobby and exterior . Stay there if you can .
BIG DISAPPONTMENT . This hotel may have had a facelift , added some flat panel televisions and used excellent products such as Aveda , however , it lacked space , attentive and informative employees and customer service . I was looking for a nice , better - than - average hotel to stay in on Valentine 's night . When I found the Hotel Max website , I liked the modern feel and the fact that it was different . It was fairly easy to book online , however as I will later complain , nothing was mentioned as to ' extra ' charges . I parked in the garage and took the back entrance . There were no signs to indicate a ' valet ' entrance , When I arrived at the counter , the desk person called for the valet and we handled it from there . At no time was there any information regarding the valet service , parking or any charges to take place . When I arrived at my room , I was not thrilled with the space in the room . Or should I say , lack thereof . Good thing I an not claustrophobic ! Bottom line , I was disappointed to begin with , but when I checked out the next day , I was livid . There was a charge for $ 44.00 on my bill for PARKING . I had a guest and assumed they would be able to park with the valet as well . Again , no one mentioned , that there would be a $ 22.00 charge for parking . Not to mention the $ 6.00 charge for two minute packages of snacks ! I have stayed in some 5 - star hotels . The do not charge ' hidden ' fees . They are up front with their charges and it is expected when guests check out . I am a local . I have a business here . I would never recommend this hotel to anyone .
Place is a dump ! This place is a dump . The place was old and dirty , more like a 2 star hotel with dirty sheets and carpet . The place is right out of a bad seventies movie , everything about it is old and worn . I would avoid this place and wait till the new tower is build . The location is ok but the hotel like a motel 6 at best .
A pretty good little hotel . I was very pleased with my stay at the Mediterrenean especially for the price . While not downtown we were within walking distance to the Space Needle and what is called Seattle Center . No air conditioning but comfortable with the fan in the room although leaving the window open at night left you listening to whatever or whoever decided to make noise outside . . . The rooftop view is great , everyone who stays here needs to go and check it out . Beds comfortable , rooms and bathroom good sized . My only complaint is the staff did n't seem to know anything about Seattle . When asked about dining or anything else was told , Do n't know anything about it . Check out the Mecca Restaurant down the street for breakfast . . . told it was a greasy spoon but the food was great , even if they give you enough hash browns to serve an army ! Safeway across the street and ATM also across the street . . easy to catch cabs or the bus if you like .
Simple hotel close to Pike 's Place . The hotel is very close to Pike 's Place Market . We went every day . The rooms are simple but comfortable . Our room even had a fairly big closet . It is noisy on the weekends , but we brought ear plugs anyway . The hotel staff was young and knowledgeable . It does get booked up on the weekends these days because of all the cruise ships leaving from Seattle . This hotel definitely has a hostel - feel to it .
clean , smart , friendly . The hotel was clean and smart and the staff were very friendly and helpful . It offered free internet and there is a Starbucks on the bottom floor , great for quick breakfast . Although it is n't in the downtown area it is very accessible with the bus stop just up the road .
Great stay . We recently had a wonderful overnight at the Warwick . It was an easy walk to Seattle Art Museum and even closer to downtown shopping . The front desk was extremely gracious at check in , offering shopping discount coupons and restaurant reservations . We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel and the morning free coffee in the lobby . The waitstaff in both the bar and hotel were attentive . Our room on the 15th floor had a city / water view . While there are hotels closer in downtown , we would have no problem choosing the Warwick again .
Seattle : Sheraton Downtown - enjoyable stay . Got a deal on hotwire for two days : Great location , very good service , ok room . We had an appointment to which we were late , so it was wonderful for just drive up , have valet take car , bel - hop grab bags and be in room , with bags , in less than five minutes . Room is ok - not great , bed was good . Location is close to all shopping , Pike Place etc . We parked the car and walked / took bus / cab all around Seattle . Also enjoyed fitness room and pool on top floor - Step - master while enjoying view of downtown with bay in distance . . .
Great experience ! Maybe not romantic , but definitely fun and relaxing ! We had a positive experience overall here ! The people on staff , while young , were very friendly and helpful . There 's nothing extra - ordinary about the hotel itself , but I think what really sold me in the first place were the unique amenities . I LOVE that they had bikes and helmets for loan that were in excellent condition . The trail is only a few blocks from the hotel , and we took advantage of a rare sunny winter day to bike through UW and down to the Gasworks Park . The second amenity that we loved were the ala carts . I requested the spa cart which came with a CD player and relaxing CD , bath products , etc . I think this is an ingenious idea to personalize a hotel stay as there are various carts to choose from . Third , just little touches like free secured parking , aveda bath products , bath robes , fresh cookies in the lobby , wine tastings , a general store with Trader Joe 's snacks , a recycle bin in the room , a map built into your room key holder . The room itself was very clean , and while it had a nautical theme , the decor was not gaudy or tasteless . The setup of the room was smartly designed with appliances tucked in with the clothing closet . My only complaints are that the tub was pretty small , the breakfast was so - so , and the lights around the vanity were fluorescent and therefore made doing makeup and hair difficult . I appreciate that the hotel is striving to be green - - kudos - - but splurge on the vanity lights please . The location was convenient because we had our own car , but I could see getting around to be a bit difficult if you had business downtown to attend to every day . Because it is in the university district , restaurants are less upscale ( but cheaper ! ) and your peers are probably younger than you . : ) As stated in the title , I do n't think this hotel is a great romantic escape , but a good way to have fun with your partner experiencing all of the amenities .
Nice Suburban Hotel . Nice chic hotel in the area around the University of Washington . Great breakfast bar and afternoon drinks and snacks . The shuttle driver was great - he will drive you the 10 - 15 minutes to downtown . The rooms come in different sizes . The two other families we were traveling with had larger rooms - see if you can book something larger ( especially if traveling with kids ) . Small well - appointed workout room . I was disappointed that one of the 4 cardio pieces was broken and the staff did not seem too concerned about getting it fixed . It hindered our family of 4 from working out together . Movie theater and restaurants in walking distance .
Nice Room , Great Location . We stayed at the Sheraton for two nights after our Alaskan cruise . We found a nice big room , with a comfortable bed , new linens , very clean and modern bathroom . No noise from the construction . Maybe because it was on a weekend , but we found the hotel very quiet for its size and the crowd that always seemed to be coming and going in the lobby . Good location for shopping . Easy access to highways . Easy walk from Pike 's market . Would stay here again .
Extremely Happy ! ! My family and I stayed at the Andra in June . I ca n't tell you how helpful and courteous the staff was . We were greeted coming and going . They offered great suggestions on where to dine and how to get there . Each and everyone of them took time to give us directions on a map . The room was spotless and we loved the comfort of the bed . My husband usually can ' t sleep in any bed but our own - he has back problems . He slept the whole night and woke up feeling great in the morning . The Andra puts the softest throw pillow on their beds . This is not a typical hotel , even the lighting is outside the box . I would love to have the nightlight in the bathroom in my home . We love the contemporary feel of this property . No white walls in this room . Warm colors . My children loved the televisionsets in the elevators and the ceiling lighting in the halls . I would recommend this property for any type of visitor and will definitely stay again if we go back to Seattle .
Hotel with no soap . My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for five nights . They are a business hotel with wi - fi on floors 1 , 2 and 3 . If you 're in your room , you pay . We ferried one small sliver of soap from the sink to the tub for a week . An interesting issue considering the price of this room . And the concierge . Hmmm . Well , if you wanted help , forget it . Not available and not interested . Go see the guys at the bar . They were really helpful about what 's happening in Seattle ! I wo n't stay here again . Its old , and not very clean .
Wonderful service . What a great example of classic service . Service was excellent . I had set up a package via Luxury Link however upon arrival the reservation was no where to be found . The hotel staff was excellent in making it a non - issue . Our room was large and VERY clean , nicely organized with all the bells and whistles . Contrary to other reviews , there were no noise issues . The Tom Douglas restaurants are a must . There are four of them plus a bakery . Food is outstanding . We lack that kind of flavor here in Denver . Will we be back ? ABSOLUTELY ! ! ! Biggest advantage is location , blocks from Pike 's Market , the ferries , shopping , and people watching . Ca n't miss this hotel , MORE than worth it . Value is excellent .
An OK place to stay for the price . The Moore is located perfectly within easy walking distances of most attractions and downtown Seattle . As others have described its an old place and in need of an update but its fine for the money . I tried three rooms and not a single lock worked properly , took several minutes to lock the room . Receptionists are friendly and Internet access is a big plus point , you 'll have an ok time if you 're just expecting a basic place to sleep .
Great boutique hotel . I stayed at the Hotel Andra during a business trip in October 2007 . Walking distance to the convention center and prime shopping in Seattle . This hotel is not directly serviced by the Downtown Airporter ( shuttle between airport and downtown hotels ) but the hotel immediately next door ( the Warwick ) is a stop so you can get off there and then walk the 1 / 2 block to the Andra . It 's a lovely boutique hotel - - appears recently remodeled . Very modern lobby with cozy fireplace . The front desk staff were very helpful and friendly . My room was spacious with 2 queen beds , sitting area , bar area . Decor is very modern - - - kind of Ikea - esque . View of neighboring construction site , unfortunately , but interestingly enough I never really heard the annoying sounds of construction . Pretty small bathroom compared to other hotels but nice nevertheless . Frette towels and Face Stockholm bath products - - - luxurious ! They had a very small business center with 2 computers and printers - - free of charge . I did n't use the gym so I ca n't comment . Had to pay a daily rate for in - room wireless . Lots of great eating options within walking distance . The restaurant in the lobby , Lola , is AMAZING ! A Tom Douglas establishment that has a mediterranean theme and definitely lived up to the hype . There 's also another Tom Douglas restaurant across the street , Dahlia Lounge , that had the most amazing donuts on the menu for dessert , served warm with marscarpone cheese and green apple butter . Again , amazing ! Adjacent to that is the Dahlia bakery , which is great for that cup of morning coffee and a pastry . Overall , I would definitely stay here again when visiting Seattle .
Great location . we stayed here two nights in Aug . and found it to be a great location , and nice hotel . The rooms were a bit small , and the bathroom was very small . No bath , just a shower . Other than that , there was nothing to complain about . Clean , and funky decor . We walked everywhere downtown , the location is perfect for someone who wants to see the Seattle hot spots . We got a great deal at travelzoo . com , not sure what the normal rates are .
Practically perfect in every way . Safeco
Excellent Hotel . We have just spent 5 nights from 13th September at this hotel as part of a vacation and this hotel was chosen as a result of the very good reviews on this site . Our stay was excellent , we arrived late at night with a confirmed booking and although we had paid the basic room rate we were allocated a room on the 24th floor with outstanding views of both Puget Sound and the Space Needle . The room was large and very comfortable and was spotlessely clean . Everyone at the hotel was extremely helpful from the checkin people to the concierge . All requests regarding sightseeing trips etc were efficiently dealt with in a friendly manner . The hotel is very well located and is near to anything of interest , we would not consider staying anywere else in Seattle .
Good Location , Nice Hotel , Great Time . I booked this hotel on hotwire and got a great price of 107 p / n for a weekend . Our room was clean , nice and the staff was very friendly . The beds were so comfortable , it was hard to get up in the morning . Tip - Upgrade for $ 30.00 to the club level and it includes 2 free breakfast buffets ( 43 . 00 savings ) The facilities are great the pool and jacuzzi were fantastic , the cardio room was nice but I did n't have time to take advantage of it . All and all we had a great stay ! Ca n't wait to go back ! ! ! !
Good Service , Great Beds , but Over - priced . We stayed at Hotel Andra for two nights . The staff were very helpful throughout the stay . The place is beautifully decorated and the rooms were of average size . I found the place to be quite clean . The bed was wonderful . I usually have a terrible night 's sleep in a hotel , but had a great sleep two nights in a row . I did not find the hotel to be noisy , but my husband did . I did find the hotel to be a bit over priced for what we got . It is billed as being a small luxury hotel but really did n't see it as being any different other than decor . The location was great - we walked everywhere from the hotel . We only had breakfast at Lola ( the adjoining restaurant ) but it was excellent . I had the doughnuts ! ! ! I 'm still raving about them . Overall , I enjoyed our stay , but next time would stay somewhere less expensive .
tiny rooms . Pros : location , decor , LCD TV , gym , business center , good selection of pillows , helpful front desk . Cons : tiny , charges $ 36 + tax for 4 - day wifi , no late checkout , thin walls , toilet . Tips : go to the Starbucks next door sign up for free ATT WiFi . Conclusion : if you are big boned , get a room at Westin or Sheraton .
Wanted to love it - but inconsistent . We stayed here for four nights and while some things were positively brilliant , other things really disappointed . The art and photography makes this place different than most , and we had a look at the photos on a few different floors just to appreciate it . We did have to laugh as the content of much of the work is quite adult - - no problem with us , but we seen details of a ' children stay free ' promotion and thought it might have been a bit of a challenge in that instance . I am sure the artwork in various rooms makes this just fine , however . Other positives for us : we ate in the restaurant twice - once for dinner and once for breakfast - and had an excellent experience both times . ( And if you do n't fancy their breakfast , Top Pot Donuts Coffee is a nice little walk away and far nicer than the gazillion chain shops you 'll pass on the way . ) Very nice beds bedding . Elevator seemed to be set to never stop on the way , which provided it is n't busy , is cool . Not once did I have to feel guilty because there was n't room for someone else due to my luggage . Some days , very attentive and friendly staff on the door . The disappointments : when we checked in , we were sent to a room that was still occupied . It was n't as awkward as it could have been , and we were quickly given a new room , but the experience was a bit worrying . Parking is a general problem in downtown Seattle - - the hotel has secure , valet - only parking for $ 25 a day , or there is a pay lot directly across the street that could be a little cheaper if you wanted to feed meters and pay each time you move the car . Some days , the staff on the door did n't acknowledge our presence , whether we needed help or not . I totally dig what they want to be . . . I guess I just thought for the price we paid that it would actually live up to it . Some days yes , other days not at all .
No Style , No Content , Just Noise . The Hotel Max sets itself up as a boutique , chic establishment with the emphasis on style a bit of cheekiness aimed at 20 - 30 somethings . Fine if you want to stay the night in an art gallery ( a tawdry , uninspired one at that - which is a shame given Seattle 's fine artistic reputation ) but there are some basics that any hotel needs to provide before the extras are added . My first room , on the tenth floor , was tiny . My suitcase could n't open fully due to the lack of space between the bed the wall . More annoyingly there was an air vent attached to the building next door which provided a constant low drone that became disturbing very quickly . I tried to compensate by turning the a / c up but that just increased the amount of rumble as the unit is so old . The manager put me in a larger room across the hall instead . No air vent industrial hum here just excessive traffic noise from Stewart St . There is basically no sound - proofing in this hotel as my investigations into several other rooms proved - you either get the persistent drone of air vents at the back or juggernauts car horns rattling your windows at the front at all times of the day . One last piece of noise pollution reared it 's ugly head later though - the couple next door had clearly found the sex pack ( condoms , lubricant , vibrator etc ) available to buy in the room at that point I discovered there was absolutely no sound insulation within the hotel from room to room either . For style content go to 1000 Hotel on First Avenue - you get peace quiet too .
disappointed , concerned . We were surprised and disappointed at the condition of our room . We would have asked to be placed in another room if our schedule would have permitted . There were several stains on the carpet and furniture . The bathtub had moldy / dirty caulking , the mattress cover was not fitted and rolled up all night to the point of being very uncomfortable . Our morning paper never arrived . Now for our concerned part . We had booked reservations at Sheraton in Hawaii prior to this experience . Now we are having second thoughts of making this trip to just discover a repeat performance of disappointment . Thank you for the opportunity to review and we hope this message will help you do what is necessary to avoid anymore of the same . Room 513 , 9 / 29 / 07
Overpriced , not impressed . Disappointed . Paid a huge amount for a Jr suite or shall I say tiny suite no bigger then your average holiday inn , in fact they may be larger in sq ft . Do n't let the pictures fool you , its nothing big or special . The bathrooms are so small you could wash your hands as you sat on the toilet . For the three hundred and fifty two dollars per night I expected to have a good experience . That did n't happen . Your dollar will be better spent at the courtyard for half the price . I will not return .
Cozy Hotel . Friendly Staff . Centrally Located My husband and I visited Seattle from Oct 29th - Nov 1st and enjoyed our stay at the Mediterranean Inn . We had an easy check - in and check - out . We had never been to Seattle , so we had a multitude of questions for the hotel staff , and they were very very nice and always gave an answer with a smile - they even went the extra mile a few times . The hotel also had 2 computers set up with the internet , for guests to use w / o a reservation , and then they also had a business room with more computers and printers . The access to the internet was very helpful , when trying to find new things to do and to check email away from home . The hotel is centrally located . Although it is not in the middle of downtown , it is within easy walking distance to City Center where you can take the monorail that takes you downtown , as well as to the Sonics Stadium and the Space Needle . We stayed on the 6th floor and had a nice view of the lake , as well as the Space Needle ( if we looked out towards the left ) . We took advantage of the outlook on the roof , on our first night ( when it was dry ) to look out at the beautiful city . As we all know , people that live in Seattle drink a lot of coffee , so there is a Starbucks on the lobby level of the hotel . We did not go to that Starbucks , but it was nice to know it was there . The only quirks that the hotel had was the parking fee and the bed . The hotel charges $ 12.00 a day for guests to park in the garage . Also , the beds were a bit too bouncy - everytime my husband would turn in his sleep , I 'd bounce all over the place and I would wake up with an achey back . All in all , we thoroughly enjoyed our stay .
Good Place to stay . My brother and I stayed here last year . He is going to Seattle again this year with his son . We enjoyed the stay here . Very nice place to stay . We loved the location , able to walk everywhere or take the bus . Nice walk to the market . The view on the roof top is excellent , the best ! Nice to sit and relax and read or just look at the beautiful view . I do quite a bit of traveling and would recommend this place and would stay again .
ok experience . a few warnings . after booking thru expedia , i read some reviews and was concerned about the Warwick . I was wondering what i was getting myself into . The hotel is older , but i found it clean . Front staff are really trying to improve their customer service . Errors upon checkin . They gave me a single bed when i asked for seperate queen beds . They told me no rooms available . They offered to bring an extra cot . When i was settling into room , front staff said they located a two queen room and so i was moved . Package was to include free parking but i was charged for valet parking which i 'm in dispute with the Warwick about . I ' lll see what they do about it . Would i stay again ? Hard to say . Room was quiet and clean . Nothing spectacular . I 'd give it a better rating if there was n't so many errors with the bill and checkin , but they seem to be trying and sometimes that 's all you can ask for .
Excellent Hotel , Down to Earth Staff . The Grand Hyatt Seattle is a rare first class hotel that does n't act like it . What I mean is that the hotel itself is first class ; beautifully appointed in an excellent location . But unlike most properties of this level , the Grand Hyatt has a truly down to earth , friendly staff that puts guests of all stripes at ease . The hotel is located in a major commerical district , on the same block as a Cheesecake Factory and within a few blocks of major department stores and restaurants . Pike 's Place is about a 10 minute walk and visible at the end of the street . You could not pick a more perfect location for Seattle . The hotel lobby is fairly intimate , but done in a very chic style . Its a hushed sort of atmosphere , with a Ruth 's Chris Steakhouse on the left and a full - service Starbucks ( not just a kiosk ) to the right . Per my request , my room was a corner suite overlooking the harbor and the Space Needle . The view was absolutely stunning on both ends . The room itself was roomy enough , split into two parts - - a sitting area and a bedroom area . The bathroom was very large , with a separate glass shower . The set up was good because it allowed you to keep the bedroom area uncluttered . The shades do indeed close electronically . The bed itself was comfortable , on the plush side . The hotel was quiet , save for some street noise even on a high floor . It was not disruptive . Interior insulation appeared to be good - - we never heard our neighbors . If I have a complaint about the room decor , its only that a few pieces of furniture looked a little worn - - out of place in that setting . Also , I was a bit surprised that the televisions were the old fashioned kind rather than flat screen . That 's hardly a complaint , just an observation that similiar properities have upgraded . Overall , the room was stylish and inviting . I am not a fan of valet parking , and I typically feel a bit out of place dealing with hotel staff at better hotels . The Grand Hyatt was an atypical experience for me . Everyone right down to the valet staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful . This is the kind of place that within a day or staying there , every staff member you encounter greets you by name . The valet car service was prompt and efficient , and nobody was trolling for tips ( though in this case I did n't mind giving them , they were earned ) . The advice was good and unpretentious . Be advised that this hotel sometimes is the home for major sports teams . During my stay , the Boston Red Sox were there , which was a major attraction for me and my wife . That meant there were some autograph seekers and the like outside the hotel , but the hotel had security to make sure that only registered guests were inside the lobby and interacting with the players . Overall , the Grand Hyatt Seattle is an excellent hotel that I highly recommend . I would have a hard time returning to Seattle and NOT staying there , simply because the standard has been set so high that I 'm certain there 's nowhere else that can match it . I should add that the rate I paid was extremely reasonable given the quality of the hotel .
Noisy but good value . Felt like a weekend away from the wife and kids ( more wife than kids to be honest - I know she wont read this ! ! ) Chose Seattle to do this , as its within easy reach of my hometown Vancouver . Decided on the Moore Hotel , downtown as I 'm both thrifty and poor and on reading previous reviews , seemed to suit my budget . Also as I was staying only one night - how bad could it be . On first look at the place from the outside , I knew it wasnt going to be Buckingham Palace . The lobby is pretty spartan , the desk clerk on duty pretty friendly - one guy in front of me at check inwas turned away as place was full - so book ahead . Was pleasantly surprised by the room - spacious , and clean . No frills , no shampoo etc one bar of soap for all your needs . The mattress felt more like a water bed than a spring one and I almost seemed to touch the floor as I hopped on it . Ok so 125 kgs will do it - but crikey some of those bed springs had surely seen better days . Ah now for some TV - but wait no remote - 125 kgs jumping up and down to change channels , is not on . A trip down to reception to enquire as to whereabouts of said remote - shrug of shoulders - our guests take them home you know set TV to CNN for duration of my stay . Off to Pike Place market - a short jaunt from the hotel - fantastic location - a few dubious characters around , but you find that in any major city . Parked right across the road in a place offering a spot for only $ 5 - had to move my car that night to see De La Hoya / Mayweather fight at local sports pub - on return garage was full - now what ? no problem - park on the street for free - after 6 pmand Sunday all day free . Saturday evening and I 'm winding down - Seattleites are winding up - the noise level rises to a crescendo - its now 2 a . m . A water pipe ( a prominent celing to floor fixture ) in the room , not to be outdone , comes to life with a gurgle and splutterand keeps this up until 5 . a . m an hour after the Seattlitesdecide its time to go home . I nod off into a fitful sleep . Something about this hotel though - somehow its quaintand pleasant in an obscene kind of way . Was almost sorry to leave - or was it teh thought of another Monday at the office looming large ? Give this place a go - just catch up on sleepbefore you do .
Super place to stay ! What a treat to book into the Andra while on a business trip . After a spell of bad luck with finding good hotels on recent previous trips , it was a pleasure to stay in a spacious , clean , quiet hotel with friendly , professional staff . I especially liked the wonderfully comfortable bed and the cool bathroom . Also , the guys manning the front door were so very helpful ( and cute ) . Loved the modern decor of the interior . Was pleased to find the hotel centrally located to shopping and dinning in Seattle 's downtown district and waterfront . As a picky clean freak who likes nice things , I fully recommend the Andra without hesitation .
Thumbs Down from a Starwood Preferred Guest . Despite having made a reservation for a non - smoking King , I got stuck in a Double Room overlooking loud external air vents and near the elevator . To top it all off , my next door neighbor turned up his bass to party at midnight . Hotel staff was n't especially responsive with regard to giving me a quiet room . So much for being a Starwood Preferred Guest and paying over $ 300 a night . I 'll remember to stay elsewhere next time I 'm in Seattle .
Hotel needs a restaurant . Based on my reviews from tripadvisor , we just got back from a spring break weekend at the Watertown hotel . The hotel is good accommodation for the price . My only complaint is the lack of any restaurants close by . The closest is three fairly long blocks uphill and it 's not in a neighborhood that most people would find really comfortable walking at night . If you want any kind of variety , you have to drive . We also spent several frustrating minuets trying to find Ivor 's even with good directions provided by the hotel . Driving around lost , under the I5 Bridge at night was not my idea of fun . The breakfast provided is continental only . If you want a real breakfast , again you have to drive . I might be back , but I 'm going to keep looking for a hotel with better eating choices .
Over rated . . not worth the $ $ $ . First of all , I 'm a Starwood Platinum Member and my family and I stayed for couple of nights here on the way to an Alaska cruise . I had reservation for two rooms using my Starwood points . Upon arrival around 1200pm , I was told that there was one of the rooms ready but the other was being cleaned . We decided to go around town and come back later . At 4pm we arrived back to the hotel and requested our other room , and we were told that was not ready because the guests requested a late checkout and they are cleaning the room . I did not believe that and contacted the Platinum Starwood Member assistance to complain and to check the possiblity to go to the Sheraton couple of blocks away . Once I explained the issue they inmediately contacted the hotel manager and the room , that was not ready 15 minutes ago , now is ready . Wow that was fast ! ! ! ! So five hours have gone by since we arrived and finally we have the rooms . The lobby was not that great . Music too loud that we could not hear each other talking . The rooms to fancy and lack of things that now , any other hotel has as a standard , such as microwave , coffee maker . I sent my son to get some ice . Yes , he found some on the 23 rd floor . one bottle of water was given to us as complementary due to the inconvinience for what happen during check in , the cost $ 8 . 00 each . and many more disappointments during the stay . If you want coffee in the morning , they tell you to go across the street to Starbucks . Can you believe it ! ! ! ! Any way it is cheeper and better . In summary , think twice if going there and staying here . It is not what is advirtised . And I agree with other people regarding hotel personnel . They only greet you upon arrival after that , you are one more guest / person at the hotel .
Over rated . For the price you pay , make sure you get one of the better rooms . When we first arrived they tried to put us in a lower level room that looked out directly to a parkade ( basically all the cars going up can see you ) . I made a bit of a stink about it and two rooms later , I got the one I wanted , with a bit of a view for the same price . There 's nothing extraordinary about this hotel , the gym is quaint , the rooms are small , the bathroom is actually really big , it was about 1 / 2 the size of the bedroom . . . the restaurant is pretty cool .
Never again . We checked in at the W to find that one of our adjoining rooms was not quite ready yet . We felt that was fine since we were able to use one room to get ready in for dinner out . When we arrived back at the hotel after dinner they said the adjoining room was not going to be available and so four of us were all crammed into one king bed room . One had to sleep on the little sofa and one on a rollaway . The lack of compassion by the front desk was unbelievable . Room service Sunday morning took 1 1 / 2 hours to arrive and obviously had been left sitting for quite some time . Retriving our bags from storage was also an incredibly long wait . Never again .
Moore hotel good value for Canadians ! Visited Seattle first time in August - to bicycle with cascade bike club up to Vancouver ( 180km ) . The Moore hotel was clean and allowed my bicycle into the room - it was only 2 blocks from the Pike market which had all kinds of healthly foods . It is older but well kept , the fan they lend you helped with the road noise and heat . It is well priced for canadians who are spending candadian dollars . The young fellow at front desk was a pleasure to talk with . I will be doing this ride each summer and staying at this motel . It was an adventure cycling from the airport to downtown - midday is the ony time to attemtp this . thanks again Moore hotel ! ! Paul
good for the money . We stayed in The Moore in May , 2007 for 2 nights . It was o . k . for the money . The desk people were very friendly and helped us in any way . It is an old hotel , clean , the bathroom was in our room very small . They gave us the room we asked for , topfloor with the view to the water . Very nice , but in the morning you have the traffic . We would not book in summer . No AC ! Situation : 2 blocks from the market and 2 blocks to the downtown shops . Perfect . 2 facts we didn't like . - Boeing : 45 min busride , 1 hall with poor pieces , 2 videos , 1 was really poor , busride to the factory . 0 . 5h on a platform to look down Really : NOT TO DO - the bar in the Moore : rough . The elder lady was nice , but the next evening , the younger ( not young ! ) one , very unpleasant ! ! The MOORE is good for the money , but NOT in summer . Rh .
Wonderful stay at the Sheraton . Stayed here for 2 nights . It was expensive ( parking is $ 35 / night ) but it 's only 5 blocks from Pike Place and roughly a 20 min walk to the Harbor Steps . You can catch the monorail a block from the hotel if you want to visit the Seattle Center . We stayed in the tower facing Union St which has been remodeled . We had a plasma in our king room and the furniture is contemporary . Really liked the room and had no problems with noise . If you do n't mind spending a little , it 's a great stay . Just make sure you stay in the remodeled section . And the concierge was extremely helpful . I believe the lobby has free wireless , but it may cost to connect in the room . The only reason I give a 4 / 5 stars is the ridiculous parking cost . I know it 's a major city and it 's downtown but I still think it 's too high .
good hotel . Stayed at this hotel for one night . Good Value , courteous staff . The morning newspaper was an added nice touch . Checkout at ipm was convenient . Loved the restaurant Lola certainly good food and good service inspite of being crowded . Perfect walking distance to the Sculpture Park where I spent most of the morning before my return flight home . Lots of small cafe 's around .
Nice hotel , but not fabulous . After reading the reviews of this hotel , I was expecting something extraordinary . My husband and I stayed at the Inn for two nights over labor day week . The rooms were smaller and basically appointed . I can not say I was overly impressed with the room though it was clean and the hotel staff was nice . The biggest complaint would have to be the shuttle service . While it is great to offer the service , they need to have more than one driver operating as there are many travelers that are depending on the one van to drive them to and from various downtown locations . I assume the rates we are charged help to cover the cost of this shuttle service and they should investigate adding a second van . There are several really nice restaurants close by including Joey 's and Chandlers Crab House . Overall a satisfying stay .
Watertown compared . So many nice hotels to chose from in Seattle , settled for 2 nites in Pan Pacific and 1 in Watertown . This due to location as we needed to go to the zoo for daughter . Watertown is about 5 minutes away driving from zoo . Downtown is actually close too . While PP was a business like modern classic , Watertown was a Hip modern . Even the room key jacket is a clever folded map of Seattle . The hotel itself is new and very nice . Things i did not like , although not a big minus : - Nice floor to ceiling glass window walls did not have a liner curtain but only the thick light blocking one . Although one assumes that it is dark if looked from outside , not confy to walk in undies with curtains up unless u r a stripper or in good shape ( I am neither ) . Specially since we are facing a construction site and lots of workers . Also our room did not have much outside lighting so had to have lights on most of the time . - Construction noise / view was bad during day . But this seems to be common sight in Seattle as we had the same with PanPacific room . - My wife felt the bed was a bit on the soft side for her likings . I guess this was compared to PP . - Coming from the PP awesome bathroom , Watertown 's was small and no separate glass shower stall . The outstanding plus : - Parking underground hotel is free / great , elevator connects to lobby and room . - Well stocked free breakfast , although nothing out of the ordinary . Compares to a hampton inn ones . Other observations : - Wifi would not connect even though it sees the net ( No , I am not network illiterate ) . Used the provided wired lan . No prob . - Did not use any of the amenities , which looked very very good . Overall , ca n't go wrong with this hotel . Will be happy to stay again here . But as a middle age level family , on the pampering level , we preffered Pan Pacific of the two . If going to Seattle in April , make sure you go to the tulip festival . Acres and acres of colorful tulips . Will make your lady smile .
Great location ! I stayed at the Moore for 11 nights whilst on a conference in Seattle . It is in a great location - close to Pike Place Market and the major central tourist attractions are within easy reach . If you like luxury , you may be disappointed , but was lucky enough to get a room with a waterfront view and it was pleasantly furnished , clean and comfortable . Several of us stayed there and we were all happy with the value for money and service .
Great , resonably priced hotel in Seattle . My husband and I stayed here during the first week of March . We needed to be in Seattle to handle some family matters , so this was an unexpected getaway . For the price , it was very clean , the kitchenette was a great amenity ( fridge , sink , coffee maker ) , and close to attractions . We felt that the beds could use some updating . On both of the double beds , there was an indentation in the middle . So that made it a bit uncomfortable for sleeping . Otherwise , we would definitely stay here again on a return trip to Seattle .
Bad Room . I was pleasantly surprised that I was given a room with a king - size bed , so I was off to a good start , but that soon ended . The bed sheets were old and felt like they were poorly washed . The room had a very poor shower that trickled out water . Plus they had rigged some type of showerhead using a bath faucet . The drain was slow and you waded around in the shower water even with the poor water flow from the shower . One side of the room is all window with a patio window . . . not much of a view . So with the window also came all the city noise . Unfortunately , the fan settings for the room were either Off or Automatic so it did not help to drown out the city and hotel noise . It was slightly cool outside and the cold air just poured in from the bottom seal of the patio window . The hotel does have a good selection of local beers and wines . The food was okay but very over priced , as you will find throughout the downtown area . The best meal I had was at the Seattle Tap Room in the airport . Beware , if you use the Grayline for transportation , allow plenty of time , as they ran up to an hour late .
Perfect place to sleep . I went to the Moore with a few co - workers as a getaway to see Seattle 's sights . The location was perfect , being close to Pike Market , shopping and the space needle . The hotel itself is old , but it accomodated very well for 4 professional twenty - something girls . The room was very clean , the beds comfortable , had a huge walk - in closet ( doubles for a small bedroom , haha ) and extremely affordable . I was pleased with the staff , and that they were able to hold our luggage in a securely locked room after we checked out . All in all , it was a great stay !
Not impressive . My husband was attending a conference at the hotel and we chose to stay directly at the hotel for the latter part of the conference . The first few days we spent at the Alexis which was absolutely gorgeous . Even though we booked directly through the Sheraton 's website , they were unable to accommodate us with a room in the newly refurbished section of the hotel unless we chose a room with only double beds . Although the room was good sized , it was very drab . The bathroom was cramped compared to what the Alexis offered , and the toiletries provided were way too perfumey . What can I say , a simple pleasure of mine is to enjoy the lotions , etc . that the hotel provides . On a positive note , the bed was very comfortable and the heater noise was minimal . The front desk staff was also very nice . They nickel and dime you though . $ 12 / day including tax for internet ? Give me a break . I was spoiled by the room and amenities at the Alexis , and that 's the only place I 'll stay next time .
Modern and Artsy . We booked the Hotel Max for a weekend getaway . We chose this hotel because there was a Travelzoo deal where the Queen of Art room was $ 139.00 / night - This was a pretty good deal , compared to over $ 200.00 / night for other hotels in the area . Parking was very steep at $ 30.00 / night , so we opted to park in the office building across the street . For those that do n't mind leaving their car outdoors overnight , there was an open - air parking lot that seemed more economical . The room itself was a bit small , but there were only two of us and we only had an overnight bag . If you have more luggage than one large suitcase , you might not want to stay there . It feels like staying in a guest room at a friend 's place , rather than staying in a hotel room . Our room had a nice view of the courhouse . The LCD TV was nice , as was the Aveda toiletries . Terrible coffee , but decent tea . The bed was extremely comfortable , but the sheets were a bit scratchy . Although we did n't take advantage , there was a neat pillow menu and a spiritual menu . The location of the hotel was decent . We were within walking distance of downtown attractions and the Pike Place market . It is also about 2 blocks from the Greyhound station . Would I stay at this hotel again ? Yes , if it was around $ 100.00 per night . Any more and I would choose to stay elsewhere . .
You can do better . Hotel Max pretends to be hip at the expense of safety and comfort . The rooms are so small a young person feels closed in and the elevators are so small that we felt claustrophobic . At one point , they stopped working and we were trapped . Staff was not helpful . Service workers were seen using guest elevators , and on and on and on . . . Get the picture ? Plus , the beds were not comfortable . Go over to the Vintage Park .
SMALL rooms , no wifi but business center great . A king - size bed in a small room made it difficult to place luggage and still be able to walk around . The bathroom WAS small and the separate wash basin with no counter next to it made the small glass shelf above inadequate . We have been in much worse especially in London so it was no big deal . We made a joke out of the logistics . It was clean . The additional charge for the wifi in the room was a turn - off but they had a virtually unknown business center room behind the lobby which offered two computers and a printer for free . The location is fine . I believe the pricing is too high for what is offered ( I do n't like paying for artwork and original designs ) . The staff was friendly and helpful .
I 'd give Max a miss . My room service from the previous evening , still outside my room
Gives new meaning to sleepless in Seattle . If you want to sleep , this hotel is n't for you . The mattresses are so soft they are guaranteed to give you a backache you wo n't forget . We tried two rooms , but were told all he mattresses were the same and unfortunately , we could n't book rooms anywhere else within our budget for the remaining two nights of our four - night stay . By the end of it , both of us were glad to leave . The location of the hotel is nice . There are inexpensive restaurants in the area and we walked everywhere - - Seattle Center is basically across the street and downtown ( and Pike Place Market ) is only about 3 miles from the hotel . The staff is accomodating - - they were willing to refund us our room rate if we moved to a new hotel . Having a fridge and microwave in the room , as well as coin - operated washers and driers off the lobby was very nice - - as was the small work - out room . But our vacation was ruined by lack of sleep .
Service Sucked ! I go to Seattle at least 4 or 5 times a year for pleasure . I generally stay at the Sheraton because I liked the rooms and service it is right downtown convenient for walking . I was very disappointed in the service since they remodeled their lobby . The best service was from the Valets . That was it . The front desk employees were rude , whether it was on the phone or in person , did n't matter . They just had this attitude that was not appreciated ! It started on the phone when I tried to get a room through Sheraton . The rate fluctuated with each phone call and I made 3 of them . I ended up calling and talking to the manager about the reservations department . First I was told that there was a military rate , then I was told that there was n't one , then that there was only a military rate for the actual active military man and not the spouse . Which does n't make sense . I gave up . did n't book a room , set my mind that I would n't try to stay there again . There are plenty of nice hotels in Seattle . We decided to priceline , got the rate we were looking for without the military discount and ended up at the Sheraton anyways ! ! ! Fate ! ! Still the service sucked ! Rude staff and to top it off you have to pay for the WiFi ! ! ! I wo n't make any effort to stay at the Sheraton again ! !
Ew , thin walls ! Great location ( for Seattle Center ) , clean rooms , comfy beds , large bathroom . But the walls were paper thin ! ! First night we heard the cleaning people at 6 am ( woke us up ) ! Vacuuming , moving dishes around etc . The second night around midnight - - for 2 hours - - we had to listen to the people next to us having s*x . No matter how loud we turned up the Tele , we could still hear this women 's voice . Not a pleasant experience , I can still hear her voice in my head 2 days later ! ! If you stay here , get a room that will be isolated or else expect to get little to no sleep ! !
Model , modern hotel . Our Andra Suite was large , bright , and attractively furnished . Art deco with modern touches . We saw one room with a large flat screen TV on the wall . And the bed was very comfortable . The only negative about the room was that the closet could have been larger . The hotel is well - located - - only a few blocks from Pike Place Market , Nordstrom ' s , and Macy ' s . The hotel would have been more convenient if it had a news stand / gift shop , but there were plenty of stores nearby . There did n't seem to be a concierge , which did n't matter to us but might to some guests . We would definitely stay there again .
Up to Expectations . My girlfriend and I stayed at the Andra over New Year 's Eve . We booked a package that included a small suite , champaign , and a couple of other add - ons . If you are interested in exploring Seattle , the location is excellent . It is close to night life , good restaurants , and other points of interest in the city . We did n't interact much with the staff , but when we did , they were fine . We had no problems at all , and found the lobby and room decor to be pretty cool . On arriving , we found our room had a view of a building immediately adjacent . We asked for another room and were accomodated . We did not find the hotel overly noisy ( although we were out pretty late ourselves ) . While we did n't really put the Andra to the test , we were satisfied with our experience and the value received for what we paid .
Downtown and up there with the best of them . View of the Space Needle from our hotel room
Sheraton okay . The room was large , nothing special about the bathroom , the location was great ! Lots of shopping around , places to eat , and close to Pike 's Market . The view from the room was n't great . The maid insisted on cleaning our room while we were still in it . The hotel was very empty and we found out there were only 2 rooms occupied on our floor so it was very quiet ! Parking was quite expensive .
Good location , but with major room for improvement . The good : - The location of this hotel is great for those staying in downtown Seattle . You 're within walking distrance of nearly all attractions and major business destinations . - Good selection of channels on the TV - As with most W hotels , the bed is comfy . but . The bad : - My wife got bed bugs bites during our stay . Seriously . Obviously this is a major area of concern . I did n't realize that bed bugs were a real phenomenon , but apparently they are . - The valet / garage situation is terrible . Their loading area is far too small for the type of traffic ( hotel guests and hipsters at the bar ) , and so you can wait 5 minutes to valet park your car . The parking staff tries really hard , but they just ca n't keep up in the cramped space . - Service was spotty . Some people were really helpful , others were totally indifferent . - Lousy water pressure in the shower . Indifferent : I always have mixed feelings about W hotels . I like the hip vibe in the lobby , but there are simple things that feel contrived . For instance , the lighting in the hallways is so dark , you ca n't see the room numbers . Admittedly a small detail , but sometimes you feel like convienece and ease come at the expense of cool . I do n't know . maybe I 'm just getting old .
Great location , but sub - par suites . We wanted a reasonably priced hotel in the middle of Seattle , and we certainly got that . We got one of the suites on the 4th floor , and I 've got to say that it was in desperate need of an update ( and I 'm not picky ) . It seemed like they were updating some of the other floors , but they did n't get to that one yet . Essentially they took 3 rooms and knocked down the walls to make a suite . Unfortunately , they only left 1 bathroom and you had to walk through the bathroom to get to 1 / 2 the bedrooms . It certainly makes it inconvenient when someone is using the bathroom ! It reminded me of a few apartments I had right out of college . On the good side , it was in a great location , and I never felt unsafe . It 's obvious that it attracts a younger crowd . When we checked in , it looked like the 1st day of college dorm check in . I would probably return , but opt for smaller rooms on the updated floors before going for the suite .
Wow ! Unbelievably poor service with arrogance at every step . This hotel is directly across the street from my office . I toured it shortly after its opening , and thought I 'd stay someday as an in - city treat . What a mistake . I purchased the room at a charity auction . It was packaged with two tickets to the Seattle Symphony , and sold as attend the symphony and then stay at the W . When I got home and opened the envelope I purchased , I found that the symphony tickets were for Thursday performances ; the W Hotel stay was for any Friday or Saturday night . At first I thought it was a mix - up by the charity , and frankly , it was for charity and I did n't really care . But after my experience with the arrogant , sloppy and just horrifically bad service at the W , I now wonder if the mistake was theirs . When I realized the room and tickets were incompatible , I decided to use the room as a surprise for the BF . I procured theatre tickets to a sold out show , and called the W to make a reservation . After being on hold for at least 10 minutes while the operator tried to figure it out , I was sent to the 800 number . The 800 operator was not exactly rude , but disinterested , uninformed , and generally oozed negative attitude . She , too , could n't figure it out , and it literally took over 1 / 2 hour to make the reservation . When I made the reservation , I also told the operator that I wanted a corner room with a view and would pay whatever it took to upgrade to it . She assured me that I would have a corner room on a high floor with a view , and even after I offered THREE TIMES to pay for an upgrade , she told me ( coldly and condescendingly ( difficult to articulate ) ) that it would not be necessary and that I would get my request . You can see where this is going . When we arrived for check in , they gave us a corner room on the 5th floor in the back of the building , facing the wall of the Four Season 's garage across an alley . When I spoke to the disinterested I 'm too cool for my job desk clerk , the best I could get was a regular room on a somewhat higher floor , also in the back of the building , this time overlooking the same garage by about 10 feet . No apology , no real help , and attitude . By the way - - when I presented the ' bearer certificate ' that I discussed with the reservation department for over 30 minutes earlier in the day , Mr . Hip had no idea what to do , called over an apparently more experienced version of himself , and the two of them took 20 minutes to , you guessed it , figure it out . Trying to keep a positive outlook , the BF and I decided to go to Earth and Ocean , the hotel restaurant . It was a busy Saturday night . We stood in a highly trafficked area and were ignored until I was able to stop the greeter , who told me they were no longer serving in the dining room , but we could order from a bar menu at the bar . Then he walked away . I mean , literally - - just walked away without additional comment , leaving us to figure out if we should seat ourselves , wait for someone else , or move into the lounge area . After a moment , we were able to stop another staff member who handed us two sticky bar menus while we were still standing in that odd , highly trafficked area , and I swear - - he , too , just walked away without comment . We left and went to a bistro down the street . The room was okay , albeit dark and facing the roof deck of the garage across the alley ; the bathroom was dirty and well below five star standards . We left the next morning , and the portfolio read zero balance . While I was very disappointed with the attitude and service of the staff from beginning to end , thought the room was substandard , and had paid several hundred dollars for a package that was not a package , I thought I 'd just let it go and remember that at least the charity made out well . Then , of course , I get my credit card bill . Yep , you guessed it . They charged me for the privilege of being ignored , condescended to , spending ( between the two operators ) over forty - five minutes to even make a reservation , and placing me in a substandard room with a dirty bathroom . I called them to correct the latest mistake in a series of mistakes , and after explaining the situation to someone in their reservation department , was forwarded to the guest services manager . I ca n't articulate the attitude well at all - - but at least it 's consistent . Disinterested and arrogant is the best way to describe it . He told me that he would look into it , and call me back . Two days later I got a voicemail from him asking for the charity I purchased the room from , because he could n't find the certificate . At this point , I was furious and did n't immediately return the call . About an hour later , he called again and told me he found the certificate and would be refunding the $ 230.00 charge to my card . The entire conversation took less than 30 seconds , and ended with a curt , perfunctory and insincere apology . Period . Wow . . . Just unbelievable . I do n't see why anyone would want to stay here . The rooms are average at best , the bathroom was dirty , and the service was just too hip and arrogant to be anything but worthless . The location is good , poised strategically between the financial and retail districts downtown , but so are several other very fine hotels . If you come to Seattle , stay in the area , but do n't stay at this facility . I ca n't imagine anyplace that would reflect more poorly on our city .
Will not stay there next time . I stayed at W Seattle Hotel for two days . Room was reserved by a company I was invited by to Seattle for consultation . I personally would have never reserved a room in a pretentiously trendy place like this . I arrived at the hotel around midnight and was confused to see a bunch of drunken naval officers and sailors at the bar , that is basically right in front of the main entrance and greets you when you come in . I thought I got the wrong address as to me it seemed to be a night club . The actual reception was way above on the second floor that you can not see from the front entrance . I gave another round in my car around the building to confirm that it was the right address . Only after I spoke to a parking valet , I realized that I got to the right place . Which brings me to parking . If you arrive by your own car be prepared to pay $ 30 / day for parking , as there is no place to park your car . Everything was overpriced . No soda machine was on my floor . I was hungry and had a candy bar , a 12 oz can of cola and a small 12 oz bottle of water from a mini bar - that run me up to $ 14 . When I asked for itemized bill for mini bar charges - I was given simple but firm No answer . So if you intend to use mini bar keep a tally , otherwise you might get charged for God knows what . The whole atmosphere of the hotel is that of a vampire castle . Everything is kept dark and dim with only mystery blue lamps to light up the way . The room itself was neither comfortable nor particularly clean . Bed smelled funny . Total price for a corner room with a view of an adjacent building 's wall - $ 150 per day . So , decide for yourself . I am just giving the facts . As for me - I am staying Holyday Inn or Ramada next time .
Did n't honor 2 double bed reservation . The hotel is in a nice area , except at night , when there are lots of homeless who show up a block or two away . Staff are friendly , but they refused to honor my 2 double bed reservation . They did offer a cot , but when you are on a business trip , it is hard to decide which person should stay in a cot at a 5 star hotel . If you need a guaranteed room type ( 1 or 2 beds ) , this hotel is not for you . Otherwise , if you feel lucky , give it a try . . .
W : Chic , and a bit snotty . I stayed at the W over a weekend before having to move to a hotel close to the airport for the training I was attending . I had never been to Seattle , and decided to come a bit early to see the sights . I left my husband at home , and this was my first solo trip in quite some time . I chose the W for the location and the price , and the reputation of W hotels in general - - I had never stayed at one before . Let 's start with the positives . The room was excellent - - great decor , comfy bed , nice flat screen TV , great quality toiletries ( although i question the scent combo of lemon and sage . . . too cleaning - product - y for me ) . The darkness and loudness in the common areas took some getting used to , but it certainly makes for a cool , chic vibe in the hotel . Very different from the average Marriott or Sheraton I typically stay in . I also enjoyed the free Wi - Fi in the lobby one evening with a great apple martini . Oh , and the location was excellent . Very quick and FLAT walks to the main attractions . And now , the negatives . As a married woman traveling alone , it took me a little while to be at ease with being on my own , especially dining solo and such . I went to the concierge desk on the first evening , having just arrived in Seattle an hour or so ago , and was hoping for a little encouragement and some great recommendations from them . Uh , no . Granted , partially my fault for wanting to be babied , but this desire came from previous experiences with concierges in other cities - - usually they 're excited to tell you where to go , what to do , and to introduce you to their city . Not so much with this guy . He acted totally put off and aloof and I felt like I was n't cool enough or something . The next day , I tried again with a different concierge . He was more helpful , but definitely not at the level I 'm used to . I was inquiring about the ferry to Bainbridge Island , and he told me all about it but did n't bother to provide a schedule . When I asked specifically where I could get a schedule , he said , Oh , I have one right here . Um , would n't it seem the natural thing to do to hand that to me when you 're telling me how to get there and how often it leaves ? ? While the concierge service is really my only complaint about the W Seattle , it was poor enough for me to knock the rating down to a 3 because , to me , if you 're going to present yourself as a luxury hotel , you need luxury service to earn an above average rating . And I did n't get that here .
Good but not world - class . Clearly a luxury hotel but surprisingly ordinary . Room modern but showing signs of wear tear - not quality furnishings . Good location for shops and the famous tourist sites .
A Wonderful Hotel . My husband and I stayed here for two nights . Before arrival , the concierge e - mails and offers to help with any needs you may have . I had him make dinner reserevations at Ruth 's Chris and The Georgian at the Fairmont . He e - mailed me the reservations . At check in , we were informed that we were upgraded to a King Corner Suite on the 19th floor . We were also handed a envelope with the dinner reservations and a map with the restaurants locations . The view from our suite was fantastic . Looking west was the view of the water , north the Space Needle . Location , location , location . It does not get any better then the Hyatt . The first night we dined at Ruth 's Chris , the waiter told us that the concierge was treating us to an appetizer . How nice . Of course the food was delicious . The suite was very clean , bed super comfortable , and the bathroom spacious with the beautiful white marble . We travel extensively as we are retired . The staff at the Hyatt are some of the best we have ever encountered .
Excellent Hotel Choice in Seattle . I spent six nights here at the Watertown and can not say enough good things about this hotel and the service . Many extras not usually found in a hotel at this price range make for a very comfortable stay : free Internet , cookies in the afternoon , free Happy Hour every weekday , hot breakfast , complimentary shuttle service to downtown , and much more . The front desk people could not be nicer or more helpful . The rooms and beds are very comfortable and very clean . An excellent choice overall .
good experience overall . I just got back from a few nights stay at this hotel , which I chose after reading all the glowing reviews at TripAdvisor . The reviewers were spot on in prepping me for the ups and downs of this hotel . I stayed near the Needle when in Seattle last year and had done some exploring then and had figured out the city somewhat , so was curious about staying in the U district and was n't disappointed with that choice . I agree with another reviewer that it is important to know what you 're doing if you 're going to stay near the U vs . downtown or Queen Anne . But the hotel has a shuttle service with very accommodating and helpful drivers , it 's easy to use and readily available , as is their car service which you can reserve for rides to and from the airport . I used their car service for a one day conference in Bellevue and was pleased with how that worked out . The hotel also can call cabs for you if it 's not during shuttle hours , and they come right away and are helpful too . The front desk staff was pretty good , helpful and friendly . Every once in a while I asked a question that confused them , but there was someone else to ask and they did their best to make sure I had correct answers to my questions . Fitness room was adequate - heck , Seattle has so many outdoor fitness options , including bicycles and helmets to borrow at the hotel - so you do n't have to settle for the fitness room as the only option . Breakfast was adequate as well , more than ample choices and it was decent and available over several hours which was nice . Breakfast and happy hour with wine and beer and little snacks on the weeknights were included with the room price . There are plenty of other hotels in Seattle in higher price ranges that do n't offer nearly as much as this place does . The rooms are pretty nice , a little on the small side ( at least the studio I had was a little small , but you 're not in the room that much ) , but they seem European in feeling , with windows that open and very clean and well appointed , lots of nice pillows and modern fixtures and bathrobes and decent bath products . The A La Carte option is also fun , and a nice free feature . AAA discount offers decent rates . And on the last night , since housekeeping forgot to make up my room , the front desk made a special deal for me to make up for that disappointment , which was greatly appreciated . It is a wonderful selling point to have that kind of service which is more than willing to go out of their way when it 's their oversight causing a guest disappointment . I do n't always find this level of service at hotels that are more expensive , so it goes a long way when hotel staff are willing to pay that extra attention to guest comforts and complaints . The Watertown certainly has another fan !
Great value and location ! Last winter , when a rare Seattle snow storm knocked out our power , I checked into this hotel with my teenage daughter . They only had one room left since many other locals were doing the same to keep warm . Despite the high demand , they did not gouge me . The room was small , but nice with a decent view of the Sound and the Space Needle . It 's located in walking friendly lower Queen Anne with many good restaurants nearby and I cinema on the next block . Add the Starbucks on the ground floor and you ca n't ask for more for the money ! Highly recommend if you do n't need to be right downtown .
Noisy . The hotel is well located within the downtown core but the traffic and street noise is very loud . We were on the 7th floor and could hear people talking on the street across from the hotel . City buses just waiting at the bus stop could be heard running in the room all night long . Parking was expensive and there was no elevator in the parkade so if you have any mobility problems you need to use the valet parking .
Disappointed with the Sheraton . This was our third time staying at the Sheraton Hotel in Downtown Seattle and it was our third time being disappointed . Our first two trips to this hotel were both Christmas trips ( 2005 and 2006 ) and our last trip was during the last week of August 2007 . The first year that we booked this hotel we called them directly ( after booking our room with an on - line service ) to comfirm that they were the same hotel that hosts the famous Ginger Bread House competition for the local chefs . Once we arrived to the hotel , we were very surprised to find that the hotel was not only in shambles from being under construction , but that they had moved the Ginger Bread houses to another location entirely ( an imprortant fact that they forgot to mention when we were calling to confirm that the Ginger Bread houses were indeed going to be there ) . On our second Christmas trip we decided to try bidding on a hotel with priceline . com . We were a little disappointed when we found out that the hotel that accepted our bid was the Sheraton . We decided that we would look on the bright side though and give the hotel a second chance . We thought that there was no way that the hotel could still be under construction , but once again we were greeted with the confusion and mess of construction . The place was a mess and the Ginger Bread Houses were still no where to be found . This last trip ( and it will be the last ) we tried hotwire . com for the first time . And once again we ended up with the Sheraton . I again decided that I would be optimistic and hope for the best . I can say that I was happy to see that the lobby and new tower were no longer a construction zone , but I was still very disappointed with the floor that we stayed on and the room we were given . The table outside of the elevator had garbage on it and the hallway had bits of garbage all throughout that no one bothered to clean up during our stay . The room that they gave us looked out into the alley and there was scaffolding hanging outside of our window all three days that we were there . Not at all what I would expect from a four star hotel . I think that their star rating should be brought down a notch or two . Needless to say , I do n't think that we will be staying at the Sharaton any time soon .
Did not like management . I stayed at the mediterranean inn couple of times and did some monthly stays . There were problems : 1 ) Although most of the staff is welcoming and nice to the guest - the management is not . Jim Farley - the frontdesk manager expects the person to do the housekeeper job ( all crumbs have to be removed , trash removed etc ) . Maybe the reason is that housekeeping does an average job when they clean ? And if you sleep in longer and housekeeper can not enter the room - the front desk manager will be angry at you and believe me - he can display this . Anger is something that the front desk manager can show and can make your stay unpleasant . The rooms have internet access . If you happen to have a virus in your computer and it affects the network then you will likely be disconnected permanently and you will never be able to use internet in your room in future visits . The network is setup that if one computer has a virus then all of the network can go down . So in essence I felt that the management gives you a privelage to stay and not the other way round . The management tends to be rude and impolite . 2 ) Although the hotel has underground parking , high speed internet , and is located in the heart of nice district in Seattle - rooms are small . 3 ) I have noticed that little maintainence is done here . The rooms are acquiring more and more scratches , stains etc . They still look respectable at the time of the review .
Not bad . The location is excellent , can walk to everything . Our room faced the street , and traffic noise was quite loud even with windows closed , in summer with window 's open noise would be bad ( do n't believe they have air conditioning ) . Restaurant smells ( onions ? ) were very stong in lobby and elevator - but did n't make it into the room . Shag carpet stuff on headboards a bit weird and not sure how they would clean it . Room large and well appointed otherwise .
Very Average . We have just gotten back from a 3 night stay at the hotel max after going to Seattle for a friends wedding . The hotel was average at best . . the Queen room was very small with not much room to get around the bed and a very tiny bathroom . The main gripe we had about the hotel was the noise , we were up on the 6th floor , however the traffic noise was still pretty bad and we were woken up at 4:30 the one morning with the aircon above dripping water on our aircon unit ( think big raindrops on a tin roof ) . The airon itself sounds like a industrial fan and given that you ca n't open windows due to traffic noise does n't help induce a peaceful nights sleep . the WIFI internet at the hotel is a complete rip - off ( $ 12 for 24hrs ) and given that there is free internet in the ' business centre ' downstairs I do n't see why they ca n't just throw this in with the room price which is n't exactly a bargain . Good points : The hotel was very clean when we stayed there and they were helpful enough to bring up some headache pills after I came down with food poisoning . The location is also pretty central with decent shops around 5 mins away . If you 're stuck for a hotel at a decent ( ish ) price this is n't bad but do some research as my friend who got married stayed at the Andra hotel and his room looked ALOT nicer .
etrocalgary . This is not a contemporary or funky hotel , this is just a cheap dump . Do n't be fooled by a meagre display of so called contemporary decorating . The building is very old with tiny tiny rooms and bathrooms . The rooms stunk of damp , mildew and really old wood . If there were n't new beds in the rooms , you 'd think you were in the Bates Motel . The bathroom was decorated with a small bowl sink , but they left in the original tubs , yuk . All the fixtures are inexpensive , no art work , flat screen was n't mounted to the wall , but the bedding was good . There is no where to open your luggage , you can barely walk around the bed . The elevator is a lift , fitting just 2 - 3 people , after long waits . The halls to the rooms are scarey , all dark and very narrow . There was not one impressive area in this whole hotel . Clearly this hotel has only had cheap cosmetic decoration to slip it into a 3 star categary , but it 's still a dump . ( putting Avedia products in the bathroom does n't make up for the smell or the size ) The decor and room size is comparable to a hostel , not a 3 star hotel . I strongly recommend paying a bit more and staying somewhere else , there are lots of other options around . A night or two at the Hotel Max could ruin your vacation .
Worst hotel ever . . . Where to begin . . . My wife and I were going to Seattle to visit family , and decided to try this boutique style of hotel . This is not the first time staying in a boutique hotel , but certainly my last here . Having worked in hotels in the past , I know how to treat the customers , obviously these people do not . When we checked in , and we were not offered any bellstaff for our bags ( 5 bags for 2 people is bulky ) , we went to our room , and small it was . That is fine , we were expecting this , so no big deal . As soon as we got there we went down to RedFin which wa a GREAT rest . The people there are amazing , and VERY friendly . . . Too bad it is not part of the hotel . They warned us to go down if we wanted a beer instead of ordering through room service . This way we could save the $ 3.00 added fee for delivery . I went back up to my room , and then came down again 10 minutes later . The maintenance staff , housekeepers , staff , and just about everyone has to fit into the 2 SMALL elevators . The staff does not ahve their own elevators . I had to fit in there with the bellboy , and his cart ( not an easy fit , and I am not big ) . We went out the next morning and left the towels on the floor , no coffee , no tea , and no more shampoo , conditioner , or soap . We came back that evening and guess what . . . No towels , no coffee , not tea , no shampoo , no conditioner , and no soap . We called down and got all of the above , but of course we tipped the service . Next day we got up and went out again . We step out and it is raining . . . DAMN , we forgot our umbrella in SF . So we are stuck walking around int he rain . all day ( staff at the door does not open door , and does not offer anything for the rain , or to get a cab for us ) . We come back to the hotel and guesswhat we do n't have ? ? ? ? YUP , no towels , no coffee , no tea , no shampoo , no conditioner , no soap . But we also seem to be missing my wife 's birth control pills . someone STOLE my wife 's pills ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! they were there that morning ( she took one ) . Next day I go out early in the AM to meet up with a buddy . I came back with coffee for myself and my wife . I have 2 cups of coffee in 2 hands , and the doorman is too busy texting on his phone to open the door for me ! ! ! ! i had to stack the cups before the doorman noticed I was there . Speaking of doormen , is that really what they are there to do ? open doors is their job . . . But God forbid they do their job . They spend the entire time talking to each other ( Cracking jokes ) , on their phones , or texting ( 1 guy did offer to get us a cab on evening ) . . . Checkout day was the straw that broke the camel 's back . . . We go down to check out , and a few things came up . I asked about a cab to the airport , and I was told that the hotel would have a town car take us . GREAT , for only $ 5 . 00 more I was all about that . Nice , BIG , comfy towncar or a cab . . . Not a tough call . We check our bags in and get our 5 bag tags . My wife and I went out for a while and came back for our bags and the ride to the hotel . NOW the fun begins . I go out back to go to the restroom , and I saw the door to the baggage storing area WIDE OPEN , and NO ONE was around the room . I waited for over 20 mintes , and no one showed up to close the door . I could have gone in and taken anything i wanted during this time . I went back outfront and gave the guys my bag tags , and they came out with the wrong bag . . . I mean COME ON ! ! ! ! So we get the right bags , and get to the towncar . All of a sudden some lady decided to get in the car with us . I guess the hotel overbooked the towncar , and we were supposed to share our car with another lady ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ? So in the end , I would say do NOT stay at this hotel . The size is small , but the service is horrendous . I would have expected more from a Best Western hotel in the projects of San Francisco .
Great Alternative to Downtown We really liked the Silver Cloud . Our room was exceptionally clean and comfortable . Much bigger than other Seattle hotel rooms I have stayed in , too . The free parking is a huge plus . This saves you about $ 32 / day over Seattle hotels . It seemed quite secure , but was still very easy to access . A good selection of nice , waterfront restaurants and bars are within walking distance , and the hotel offers a free shuttle to downtown . A taxi to anywhere in the city would be pretty cheap , too . Seattle Center ( Space Needle , EMP ) . The only thing I did n't like about the hotel was that , while our room looked at the water , it was separated from Lake Union by Eastlake Drive , a busy road . Our room ( on floor 7 ) was pretty quiet , even with the traffic and regular seaplane departures . The blackout drapes were a huge plus . I would definitely consider the Silver Cloud Lake Union next time I 'm in Seattle . Its not only a good value , but a very nice place to stay and a good homebase from which to explore the city .
Go elsewhere . After reading some of the reviews here , I felt I had a good idea on what to expect . First , the rooms are definitely small . Crazy small . Bathroom barely fits the sink and toilet and then there is another room for the shower ( some rooms have diff . configurations , but all bathrooms are split up ) . Basically the room is a bed and long desk with a flat screen tv propped on it . However , everyone here talks about how great the customer service is , but I had the opposite experience . We got in late after driving for 5 hours from Whistler . Once we got there , the night manager checked us in . She did n't ask if we needed help with our bags or anything . So we grabbed their luggage carts ourselves ( no idea where the bellperson was at this point ) and loaded the cars ourselves . Then we got to the elevator . Basically , in order to get these luggage carts into the elevator , you need a degree in Geometry . So we 're dead tired , trying to get the luggage carts into the elevator , and the night manager is just standing there talking with the valet guy or possibly the bellperson . Nobody even offers to help or do anything to help us . They just let us struggle . Unreal ! I 'm not sure where the customer service comments come from , but we definitely did not see anything remotely resembling customer service . Do not stay here . The Roosevelt ( where we stayed before departing for Whistler ) down the street is cheaper and ten times better .
Great location , inconsistent service . I booked this Sheraton hotel in downtown Seattle via Hotwire for two nights . Arrived at the hotel at around 11:30am and asked for early check - in . The front desk staff was nice . Upon seeing my SPG Gold membership card , she checked me in , even though technically Hotwire bookings do not qualify for SPG Gold benefits . The room and amenities are what you would normally expect from a 4 - star Sheraton . The best thing about this hotel is its location . It 's just a few blocks walk to the Pike Place market , the water front . Monorail station is just 2 blocks away . Plenty of shopping and restaurant nearby . I usually leave a decent tip everyday with a Thank you note in the room for the maid when I stay in a hotel . This is on one hand customary , on the other hand I hope if I accidentally leave something behind , the maid cleaning the room will be nice enough to turn it in . The first day , the maid took the tip and left me a thank you note . The second day , I left the tip and checked out at around noon . That evening , I discovered that I had forgotten my laptop power adapter in the Sheraton hotel room . I called the hotel immediately . The guest service rep took my room number , dates of stay , name and phone number , and said that they would call me if someone turns it in . There was no indication that they are trying to look for it . I expect at least they should 1 ) if the room has not been rented out , send someone to check ; or 2 ) if the room was rented out , send a message to the new guest . One week passed and no phone call . I called again because I was about to pass through Seattle . The guest service simply said that we have your inquiry on file . If it turns up , we will call you . Again no indication of any willingness to help . I know that leaving something behind is my mistake , but I am still disappointed that the hotel guest service is not as helpful as a 4 - star hotel should be .
Very clean . Great value . Great location . I just spent a week on business at the Mediterranean Inn and was very , very happy with the experience . One of the things I really hate about most hotels is that often the rooms smell either like smoke or like cleaning fluid . My room at the Inn smelled clean , clean , clean . The decor is simple and cheerful with mission - style furniture , a big TV , and a comfortable desk and chair . Big very clean bathroom , plenty of hot water and towels . Nice little kitchenette . Not luxury , but very simple and comfortable . The hotel did n't seem very busy so I ca n't say what it would be like under full conditions , but my rooms was totally quiet with no noise from overhead or adjoining rooms . The lobby is warm and welcoming . The desk staff are some of the nicest I 've ever encountered . They 're naturally friendly and helpful without that trained - to - the - teeth faux friendliness you see at other hotels . My room on the 5th floor had a sweet little view of Elliott Bay and the rooftop deck has a stunning view . Right outside the hotel there are two grocery stores , a neighborhood movie theater and every kind of ethnic restaurant you could ever wish for . ( Try Racha Thai and fondue dessert at the Melting Pot . ) After work each day , I walked to the top of Queen Anne Hill and found a little park with a stunning view of Elliott Bay , the Space Needle , the city and Mt . Rainier . Getting to central downtown core is an easy 5 - minute walk to the monorail right under the Space Needle . Only one thing I could wish for - - WiFi broadband in the room . C ' mon , this is Seattle for goodness sake ! There is cabled DSL and it 's very reliable . All in all , I plan to stay here whenever I 'm in the Emerald City and I 'm telling all my friends .
ok hotel not so ok staff . My mother and I stayed at the Warwick for 2 nights in November . The hotel itself was ok , fairly clean and decent location . The front desk staff , however are not helpful and pass the buck so as not to have to deal with a problem . If they are working on improving customer service , as previous reviews have stated , they have a ways to go .
Comfortable Stay at Hotel Andra . Just returned home from a business trip that ended with three nights at Hotel Andra . I 'd booked the Andra Suite and it was just the right size . I loved the walk in closet ; it was nice to have all my bags flipped open in there rather than out in the room . Also , the couch was super comfy for watching tv at the end of the day . The other touches I liked were the full length dressing mirror and the ca n't be beat comfortable bed . The bathroom was tiny and despite the modern upgrades still seemed dated , and the water for the shower never got as hot as I prefer . Not to be missed is the restaurant downstairs . I ate there 3 times and everything was delicious , especially the made to order donuts with mascarpone cheese . The bar makes great drinks , too .
Loved It ! ! ! CLEAN . . Spacious room , very reasonably priced , shuttle service was excellent , and the location was great . Next time I 'm in Seattle I will definitely be back at the Silver Cloud Lake Union ! ! !
Sheraton - very nice . We stayed in the Union Street tower ( new standard king room ) and found it to be very nice ! ! We are usually Westin or W people , but decided to check out one of the new rooms here . Love the new design and the subway tiles in the bathroom . Bed and linens were on par with the Westin Heavenly Bed . I slept like a baby and am extremely particular about bedding . Curtains made the room completely dark - perfect for sleeping in ! It was quite posh , and I would consider this hotel over the Westin aand W Seattle next time we are in town . And yup , parking is expensive everywhere in SEA . that 's just how it is !
Good value . We stayed here for 1 night in August and it was a good deal . We saved money staying in one of their shared bath suites . Convieniently , the room had its own sink . The room was clean but bare of any decoration . The shared bath was a little uncomfortable to use . You had to walk up a tiled step before getting into the tub and there were no bath matts . There was no space near the tub to hang a towel . We shut the window in the evening because of the noise from the street but when we turned on the fan it was even louder and I had to sleep with earplugs . This was actually not too big of a deal . The staff was very nice and helpful . They recommended a nearby grocery store for late night sweets . Being able to walk to Pike Place Market , which took about 5 minutes , helped us out because we had limited sightseeing time in Seattle . To sum it up , the room was uninspiring but for the location and price it was worth the 1 night stay .
Dont stay here if you want to sleep ! Dont stay here if you want to sleep ! The buzz words at this hotel are whatever , whenever and that applies to the guests ' attitudes as well . It is a party hotel and the guests who want to party , have fun , while the other guests grit their teeth . We stayed here for 3 nights in December 2005 and had one night of rest . The other 2 nights we had a group of guests in rooms around us who stayed up , with the music on , until 5 am . I called security several times and they did settle down each time for short periods but then they would start up again , talking , laughing , slamming doors . I will never stay in a W Hotel again . And the coffee at the hotel was the pits . In the city of coffee they should have at least got this right . Too cool for school is what I think it is all about with this stylish joke of a hotel . Shame on you . ct
Pleased with the Sheraton . We stayed here for 2 nights after a cruise and were quite pleased . Got it via Hotwire for around $ 130 / night ( more like $ 155 including taxes ) and subsequently read some reviews about construction noise so had some concerns . Not an issue . Our room was on the 25th floor and was quite nice . A typical conference hotel . Located in an area with lots of nice shops and restaurants , particularly in a shopping center only 1 block away . Also an easy walk to Pike Place market and the waterfront . The Greyline tour buses and airport shuttle have a desk in the lobby and it was convenient as we took a tour to Mount Ranier one day and also used the shuttle to get to the airport . The room was fairly spacious with a big window ledge you could set things on , a large table for a desk , two chairs and a table for a reading corner , 2 beds with comfortable bedding . Attractive decor . We checked out the pool and it was OK . Kind of small and very crowded with families both times we went . The whole pool is 4 feet deep - - no shallow or deep end . My only minor complaint was that it was difficult to access the free internet . They had one computer located at the check - in desk and I had to check 4 times before it was available .
Not a Fan . My husband and I are Starwood Preferred Gold guests and try to stay at Starwood Hotels at any chance we can get . Our favorite experience was at a W in San Francisco , so we were very excited about the W Seattle . We arrived after flying all day from DC at the W late afternoon . There was no bellman out from to help us with our 3 suitcases , and we could n't get through the front door because there was a crowd of 4 smokers rudely blocking the way . Once we got inside , there was a small line to check in , and some man walked in and asked if he could cut ( no way ! ) . I must say , once we finally got to the room , it was nice and modern . The bed was comfortable , but it was nothing spectacular . So much of a hotel experience is the customer service , and there really was n't any customer service to speak of here . One other thing that I did n't love was that the hotel was perched on a VERY steep hill . My husband and I are young and fit , but after a long day of walking , it was always annoying to come into the lobby completely winded after hiking the hill . I would not recommend this hotel - go for the Westin nearby instead !
they lost my online reservation . I reserved Watertown hotel on one of the internet travel sites . I printed my confirmation number , rate details , itinerary , address , contact information , credit card verification . All this was a good 6 weeks before the reservation date . Fortunately I arrived into seattle very early in the morning . It was not too late in the afternoon when I called Watertown to confirm . What ? no record . They had absolutely no record of my name , my reservation , or my claim to a room . And of course , a Friday night , they had no room for me . Possibly it is not their fault . But I 'm confident it is not my mistake , so it could only be an issue between them and the internet site . They were helpful about calling some places for me , to their credit , and helped me find a different place to stay . For these reasons , and the fact that this scale only goes as low as 1 , I wo n't give them a zero for the review . Clearly there are some loose ends with their Internet sales and marketing . I would have liked very much to enjoy the place , but was prevented this time . Hope all of you have better luck .
Not a great location . This hotel is not located in downtown Seattle . It is near a University and is not close to any Seattle attractions except the university . Read all reviews of other hotels before booking this one unless your business brings you to this area .
Lousy housekeeping . We left our room at 8:00am only to return at 3:00pm . to a dirty room . When I called down to the arrogant desk staff . I was told We have until 7:00pm to clean your room . I had to ask for some clean towels and soap be brought up . About 10 minutes later the housekeeping manager called and said that we could be next on the clean - up list . We declined because how long would we had to wait for that ! The only professional staff there is the parking valet staff .
God - awful . This tale of woe is in regard to a one night stay on July 15 . In the mood for an in - town get - away , I decided to surprise the Sig Other with a surprise night in a W Hotel suite . Upon checking room availability online , I saw no suites were available , so I called the hotel and learned that all their suites were being renovated . Fair enough , so i decided to reserve a corner room on a high floor . I arrived at the hotel 30 minutes after check - in time to process the check - in and get my room keys so that later I could return with the SO and go right to the room . Upon arrival , I was met with huge lines at the check - in desk . . . it took me 20 minutes to get to the front desk . Now that it was nearly 4:00pm , and having waited in the very slow line , I was stunned to learn my room was not yet ready . I had to be home within an hour to meet my SO and still had to secretly pack a bag with extra toothbrushes , PJs , etc . I was told they would work as hard as they could to get me a room quickly . In the meantime , I decided to arrange for a bottle of Champagne to be in my room upon arrival . I was ushered to the Conceirge , who basically could not have been less interested . When I asked her if she was certain they could have the bottle on ice in the room at 5:30pm , she looked at me as if I were from outer space . I should have known this was only a hint of things to come . . . Well , I was driving home to frantically pack , and then drive back to do the room key , then drive home to meet my SO - - yeah , I really like him so I go to this kind of trouble LOL - - when the guy at the desk called and said the room was ready . So I threw a few things in a bag and drove back downtown to get the key . Surprise ! Another epic line . And people were yelling at the desk clerks and general mayhem was ensuing . Apparently , there was only ONE single bellhop for the entire hotel on a busy Saturday . Genius . Well , while waiting in line I told several people about tripadvisor.com so hopefully they will post here , too . I got to the desk , got my keys , and was running back out the door and said , You wo n't forget the Champagne , right ? And they all smiled and said it was all set . One hour later , I arrived and told the SO that some friends had invited us up to their room for a pre - dinner drink . I entered room 2120 to find . . . no Champagne . I called downstairs in a wee bit of a rage and was told We knocked on the door but no one answered so we did n't want to come in and disturb anyone . I replied that no one had answered the door , because I was n't in the room and since there was no Do Not Disturb sign on the door and since I had requested the bottle be waiting for my arrival , I was dismayed , mystified and peeved that they had blown the one most important element of the surprise overnight . Completely unacceptable at any price , but at $ 300 + it was ridiculous ! They said they would have the bottle right up there and I said they were welcome to send it up if they would give me a break on the price , otherwise , forget it . She said she would do what she could . Which was , in a word , nothing . The bottle was delivered with a full price bill . I was insulted . I told the man that I was refusing the bottle and to take it back ( it was unopened ) . He mumbled something and left the room without removing the bottle ! I had to call down and ask for the bottle to be collected which it was . We ended up drinking the half - bottle from the mini - bar . After taking showers , we discovered there was only one bathrobe . I called down for one , and it was delivered quickly ( albeit on a wire hanger . . . all the hangers in the closet were wood , so this looked tacky . ) The room is nice , in fine shape , and the view was spectacular . I can say that much . At check - out the next day , the clerk was very apologetic and comped the half - bottle of Champagne when I told her of how completely unpleasant the experience had been . The W is very much form over function . I guess Seattle still does n't have an interesting , cutting edge , non - dowdy , non - business - drone hotel . I would never return to the W and plan to share this opinion with my friends and fellow frequent business travelers .
Ruined our aniversary ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Seattle Sheraton listed as a 4 Star , Beware not even close , maybe a 2 if that . Went to Seattle for our Aniversary . They put us in a small room , with a horrible view . The worst thing was the beds were so small , we had to sleep in seperate beds ! ! ! ! The Pool , Spa , And exercise facility 's are all closed and will not reopen until October , I think is the month the lady at the front desk said . She was very rude , and said the Hotel had notified Priceline of the facility closures . Our room was not cleaned properly , towels looked like they were thrown on the hooks , dirty glasses not exchanged , beds looked horrible and the pillows were on the floor ? ? ? Better bring alot of extra cash . Stayed 2 days parking was 56 bucks . The water in the room is not drinkable , However you can buy there 's $ $ $ $ . Food in over cooked , at least the water in cafe was drinkable , and do n't be fooled by there complimentary newspaper , if you read the sticker the put on it you will see that you will be charged for it to $ $ $ $ . Thanks for our ruined Aniversary Seattle Sheraton . Next time We will stay at the Camlin or one of the other real 4 Star hotels in the same area ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Very Nice Hotel ! The suite was very hip and modern . I really enjoyed the flat screen TV and the comfortable bedding . Overall the decor of the hotel was great . The only bad thing was the size of the suite , the bathroom was disappointing , and the smell coming form the kitchen .
A Fantastic Seattle Boutique Hotel . Experience @ A Great Rate Three cheers for the staff @ the Hotel Andra . At all points of contact I felt welcomed assisted in a professional but warm manner . We were provided a complimentary upgrade on our room type ( without our asking ) when the front desk noted that they had room to do so . Room service was fantastic ( gourmet larger than life BLT sandwiches and delicious kebabs dips ) . Big comfy robes , cool ambiance , and a blissful sleep . The hotel is a bit older ( like most in Seattle ) but extremely clean and decor has been upgraded with a modern contemporary look / feel . I 'm confident that we could n't have found a better boutique hotel for a better price . A great experience - we will stay here again next time we travel down to Seattle for a getaway weekend !
What a deal ! I believe the Moore is the best budget hotel I 've ever stayed in . I 've stayed there four times over the past two or three years and every time I 've been , my room has been clean and pleasant , the staff are friendly and helpful , the beds are comfortable and the location can not be beat . I always stay in the rooms with a shared bath and I have always found the bathrooms to be in impeccable condition and I have never once had to wait for an occupied bathroom . The hotel is located in Belltown where there are great restaurants , music clubs and bars everywhere . It 's a quick walk to the Public Market , downtown or the Seattle Art Museum . It 's on several major bus lines that 'll take you just about anywhere in the city . Just remember : the Moore is a budget hotel . You do get towels , sheets and soap , but that 's it . The rooms are simple , almost bare , and it does feel like the building has seen better days . There 's no overnight parking which is my only real complaint about the place especially since parking is so dang expensive . But for $ 60 / night in downtown Seattle you ca n't expect luxury . What you do get , though , is a heck of a deal .
It 's truly GRAND ! We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Seattle for six wonderful nights at the end of June . This is one of the BEST hotels I 've ever enjoyed ! We upgraded to a Regency Club room and were given a corner room on the 20th floor . Great view ! We loved the layout . As you enter the room , there 's a small living area with a couch / chair / desk / TV . Turn down a small hallway to reach the bathroom and bed . Oh the bed ! It was so comfortable ! What a great way to end the busy day . . . just sinking into it and surrounding yourself with the many pillows . Speaking of beds . . . we requested a rollway for my young daughter . It was already in the room waiting for us . That 's a first ! I always have to call for it wherever we stay . The Regency Club is worth the extra money . They serve a nice continental breakfast complete with fresh fruit , juices and cereals . In the evening , there 's always a cheese selection , veggies and a hot appetizer . For a small charge ( $ 4 I think ) , you can enjoy good Washington state wines and beers . Plus , free Internet access . We saved so much money by paying a little extra per night . Holly , the Regency Club conceige , heard that we were celebrating our daughter 's third birthday during our visit . Holly wrote a special Birthday note along with a special cookie with a candle and presents ( rubber duck and a beach ball ) . It was a true act of kindness on her part . Everyone from the valets and the front desk folks to the Regency Club staff is very friendly and helpful . Housekeeping was top notch . Each day the room was spotless . Each night our beds were turned down and ice brought to the room . We were treated like royality . There 's no place else to stay while in Seattle !
Very pleasant . Will be back King room 12th floor
Perfect for Lilliputians . I was in Seattle for a conference in June and spent three nights here . The room was a double , ie , two beds and I was travelling with my spouse . There was not enough room for us to unpack anything and so little floor space that I could not leave my suitcase filled and accessible ( not even under the bed ) . I contacted the front desk for additional hangers so that I could at least hang my things . I 'm a light packer but was completely stymied by the inability to put my things away . The bathroom was the smallest I have ever used . The stall shower was not large enough to bend elbows much less shave legs , etc . Plus , the shower curtain was black and so there was no light in the stall . Sink was like an airplane sink . Ridiculously small . Do not attempt to wash your face using such a fixture . Plus it was in your lap when you sat down on the toilet . Staff was friendly and courteous but nothing could compensate for the size of the facilities . Great location , comfortable beds but I will never go back .
Mostly pleasant stay at the Max . King room
very dissapointed . I was very upset ! ! ! the room was dirty we asked to be shown another room that room as well was not very clean we stayed only one nite and moved to the westin for the next nite . If the housekeeping staff ca n't wipe the toothpaste splatter off the bathroom walls what else have they not done .
Great Location . The location is great but it is hard to find . That is all that was really special . I am surprised this hotel is rated so highly . I would n't stay here for business but if your looking for a bargain downtown this would be a good choice .
overpriced , small , stuffy , noisy room . The very trendy decor , good restaurant and great location did not outweigh the negatives for this hotel . Three nights in our third floor room were claustrophobic . Too much furniture was stuffed in this small , dark room . We were tripping over our luggage . The air conditioning was noisy , but when we opened the window , we had to listen to some kind of generator from the building next door . At night , we had to choose betweeen hot and stuffy , or just noisy . The room was not worth the price paid , up to $ 239 per night for a King bed for two .
A Perfect Spot . I chose the Mediterranean Inn as a start to our Pacific Northwest trip . We needed a hotel in Seattle in a good location with a decent rate . That 's what we got with the Mediterranean Inn . Its not the downtown location that most people look for but its convenient . The monorail to downtown is three blocks away . The Key Arena and the Space Needle are also three blocks located in the Seattle Center complex . It is a safe area to walk . One block over is a Safeway grocery store . What tops it is the Starbucks in the lobby . Check the web site for a better rate . Be aware there is a fee for parking . There is a lot next door that has overnight parking . I did n't know this until check out . Look into it before the hotel charges you . We were very satisfied with the choice . After the review of other Trip Advisor members , they were too .
Excellent . . Excellent Perfect location , , in the heat of it all ! Rooms are spacious , clean and elegant . Great hotel Lobby and pretty big hotel with numerous elevators , so you dont have to wait much .
A few flaws but still preferable to HI Seattle . The Moore Hotel is touted as a once grand hotel and serious emphasis must be placed on the ' once ' . Although the lobby appears relatively modern , the internal decor / style of the rooms are reminiscent of the 1940s . Rooms are very basic to say the least , but you only get what you pay for and the Moore represents fair value . The TV in our room was damaged with poor sound quality and the bed slightly uncomfortable . Rooms do not appear to have any functioning heating or built in fan / cooler / heaters which is a bit of a drawback depending on when you visit . However the rooms were clean and the front desk staff incredibly helpful and welcoming . We even got a free upgrade to a room with a ensuite . Internet access is free in the lobby and the Moore 's downtown location is good . Travellers considering staying at the mediocre Hostelling International Seattle should seriously consider staying at the Moore instead . The location is better , safer , cleaner and the price virtually the same if you were considering a private room at HI .
Pricey digs in the heart of it all ! bedroom at the Sheraton Seattle
Its not worth it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Do not stay here unless you want to be ignored , put on hold , charged un realistic amount of money for room service , I just do not understand this click of a hotel concept whom would possibly want to 250 $ and up a night for these experiences ? ? Could someone please explain this to me ? ? ? Stay at the Fairmont Olympic next door great service , super friendly staff very welcoming made us feel totally at home and we were not even guests aghhhhhh . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Not up to the W standards . I travel regularly for business and stay at the W in LA whenever possible . I was excited to stay at this property for this first time when business brought me to Seattle . I took a cab , and upon arrival had to carry my baggage up a flight of stairs to check in . There was no doorman at the door where I entered and no one offered me help although I checked in at a slow time of day . My room , while certainly not the same sort of room I had in LA , was clean and the in window seat a nice touch . The beds , true to W style , were fabulous and I always appreciate the bliss spa products . And that 's about the end of the positives . They were a lot of overlooked details , and those details are what seperates a great hotel from the mediocre . I booked straight through the hotel website for a 2 night stay . I saw that the rate went down later in the week , so I was surprised when I was given a room right off of the elevator . I heard people talking outside the elevator in my room . The look on my door was sticky and I had to slam the door very hard to shut it . If I did n't shut it hard behind me , it would have been propped open . The first morning I did not receive a paper and the internet was spotty throughout the whole visit ; I eventually just gave up and used my blackberry . The gym , while pretty well equipped for a downtown hotel , has in need of maintenance with only half of the cardio machines in full working order and the water cooler was empty . I gave the front desk this feedback as I was checking out in the morning and while I was listened to , was not compensated or offered a discount on my bill . Not a 4 star hotel , and certainly not a place I would stay again . It was service more along the lines of a 2 star average chain hotel , not what I have come to expect from the W .
Do n't pay to stay here ! We have never had such a bad experience at a hotel . The service was the worst I have seen , and the costs were astronomical . $ 8 for a bottle of water , $ 70 for two days of parking , and $ 80 for a cheese and meat platter that was stale ( and that 's 1 . 5 hours after ordering ) . Fire alarm testing at 9am ( which lasted 40 minutes ) , without any pre - warning . The valet was rude , and actually stuck out his hand for a tip . The concierge was not helpful , and on two ocassions , turned and walked away . Conclusion : We would n't stay here again , even if it was free .
Cost up front and cancellation fee . When you book with this hotel they require full prepayment and is subject to special cancellation penalty . We had a family emergency and had to cancel our trip which was bad enough and then were hit with a fee .
Unique , Modern and Personal . Once you stay at Hotel Max you will be bored with all the rest . The artwork , the music , the rich colors of the walls , carpeting , trim , and furnishings will awaken the artiste in you and embrace your soul . We began to feel relaxed within moments of checking into our room . It is like no other hotel , motel , resort , cabin , bed - n - breakfast , or condo we have ever stayed in . The soft , cozy beds , pillows , and comforters are the ultimate in comfort . ( No scratchy , stiff , polyester bedspreads in this hotel . Thank goodness ! ) I slept better than I have in months ! The hotel staff are professional , friendly , and very attentive . They rarely missed an opportunity to carry bags , open a door , or key the elevator for us . Small rooms ? Small bathrooms ? Small elevators ? All true ; that said , those issues quickly became irrelevant to us during our stay . The comfort , hospitality , cleanliness , and excellent central location to Seattle 's best venues undeniably surpassed the importance of " size " for us . Hotel Max has a truly warm and unique atmosphere that you will not easily find any where else . The Red Fin Restaurant is a must , especially if you like sushi . But , rest assured there are plenty of equally delightful options besides sushi . We tried several small plate dinners and selected sushi from the daily fresh sheet including a special request sushi roll . Every item was prepared perfectly . The plate presentations were works of art . Each bite was more delicious than the last . Our taste buds were in paradise . The service is marvelous and the atmosphere is lovely . I can hardly wait to go back ! Red Fin is open for breakfast , lunch , and dinner plus they have a late happy hour that starts at 10pm and they provide room service to the hotel at pretty much any hour of the day or night . I believe the selections are more limited in the wee hours of the night but nevertheless if you 're hungry you have options .
My Seattle Home Away From Home . Stayed here for business trip and of course as much fun as can be packed in between meetings . Seattle is a great city and this is the best hotel to stay . Service is impeccable , the room was terrific with a marble bath and shower . The view was incredible of the Pacific and the city from a high floor . I also love the Hyatt bedding and the ipod clock radios . This is a terrific hotel in a great location with a staff who aims to please from the front desk to the bellman . I have stayed at this hotel for 3 days now and before for a week and it does not tire . The location is close to sites , shopping and restuarants . Hands down , one of the best hotels , hotel rooms that I have stayed in . I will continue to stay here if I have to travel to Seattle . One suggestion though - how about wireless internet access throughout the hotel , even in the meeting rooms if you are paying for access in your room ?
Max Has small but comfortable rooms . front view
Do n't expect much and you wo n't be dissapointed I have to agree with a couple of the recent posts in that we booked this hotel based on numerous good reviews and a good price compared to anything downtown . The two major problems was that our room did not have air conditioning and the bed was just awful . We settled in too late the first night to realize that our room did not have ac and didnt realize that a small portion of the rooms do ( it is n't advertised at the hotel ) . It wasnt terribly warm in Seattle , but it was stuffy in the room and sleeping with the windows open is great until 6 am when the trucks begin to drive up and down the surrounding streets . We knew going in we would only have a queen bed , but the mattress and pillows were not comfortable at all . We had no problems with the staff or the cleanliness of the place and thought the location was great . In an old neighborhood with a few local bars / restaurants where you could avoid the downtown crush and a 10 - 15 minute walk to the Space Needle / Monorail etc . If you do stay here , request a room with a / c to allow you to keep your windows closed in the morning , unless your plans are to get up first thing in the morning .
Best location and view ever - HORRIBLE Hotel . the view to this hotel is AWSOME . . . if you get a room on the street . If you book the cheapest room , you will get a room with a view of a WALL . The view from the roof is nothing short of amazing as well . There are many fabulous restaurants nearby . . . This almost makes it worth staying at again , almost . The lobby is lovely , the staff is terrific . . . but the rooms are flea bags . Very - very dated ! I met other guests ( that were a bit sketchy ) that live there on a semi permanent basis , which tells you a bit . They get their rooms for $ 50 a night thru some vocational school . The decor is horrible , the furniture and bed is very old and crotchity , the TV 's are old , the bedding feels like maybe you should go buy a sleeping bag . Seriously , in short the rooms themselves are really terrible . The rooms are comparable to a run down Motels 6 . What huge potential this hotel has . . . desperately needs remodeling . Desperately . If they painted and got new beds I would probably go back .
Not Quite There . The title of my review basically sums up our recent stay at the Andra . Overall , we were satisfied with our stay , as we got a deep discount , but I 'm left wondering how or why they are listed with Small Luxury Hotels of the World . We had a Lux King corner suite , and the suite itself is quite spacious , and very quiet , we did have a restful sleep . Beds / linens were soft and comfortable , and they brought up extra pillows as requested . There was plenty of storage in our suite - - 2 closets and a set of drawers , plus the generously - sized night tables were a plus . However , the sofa was disappointing - - of cheap construction , and sagging in the middle ; fairly uncomfortable to sit on to watch tv . The armchair seriously needed recovering , as the edges were worn , dirty and frayed . The suite is due for an overhaul soon ; we noticed chipped paint throughout , plus chipped and scratched furniture . The carpets felt a bit grimy - - there was an overall feeling that the room could have been cleaner . The bathroom is small ( I knew this going in , having read past reviews ) . This did not bother me much , as there were adequate shelves and storage . However , if you like soaking in the tub , forget it . The tub has a very low overflow drain , obviously designed by someone who hates baths . I 'm 5 ' 2 and not very big - - the maximum water level came up to my lower abdomen . As I reclined trying to soak , the water kept draining off , and I gave up after about 5 minutes . Shower pressure is good and tons of hot water any time of the day . The Face Stockholm amenities are a delicious subtle white tea fragrance ; however the bottles are the size of postage stamps , which seems cheap for a luxury hotel . The staff are happy to send up more , but it was tiring to request this on a daily basis . The staff were mostly 20 - 30 somethings and very pleasant and eager to please . However , I still feel they have not achieved a luxury level of service . We had a simple request that we be sent a Seattle Times , v . a New York times as we like to read local news . On a daily basis we received a New York times , which to give them credit , was swiftly replaced with a Seattle Times on request , but we should n't have had to keep asking for 4 days in a row . Another time we asked a desk person to reconfirm a reservation ( the concierge had left ) and he looked at us like we handed him a dead fish . It may seem that I 'm nitpicking , but I would expect this from maybe a Motel 6 v . a luxury hotel . I would actually place the Andra slightly above a 3 star hotel , not at a luxury level . The staff for the most part , are accomodating and pleasant , and the room was ok . We would stay again if we got the same low rate ; however , we would not stay if we had to pay the high season rate of approx $ 480.00 - - we felt the service and room would not be worth it .
Stay somewhere else . I travel quite a bit for business , but consider myself to be ' hip and knowledgeable ' . People have described this as an ' artsy ' hotel , but I would describe it as more alternative than anything . Yes , there are paintings in the room of local and up and coming artists , and each door has its own artist covering of a painting or print . All for supporting local artists , they lose the hospitality aspect of being a hotel . The majority of rooms are SMALL . One bed and a desk , and you have to shimmy by them to get through . The closet is a half closet where clothes hang sideways . There is no place to open an ironing board . Here are some more drawbacks : - It 's loud ! The walls are paper thin , I heard every word of a conversation in the room beside me . If you have a room on the Stewart side of the street , say goodbye to sleeping . - The gym is the size of a closet , forget about stretching . There are two treadmills , two ellepticals and one bench with free weights . They do n't clean the area or supply enough towels . - The restaurant is absolutely ridiculous . There was a group of us for breakfast , we forewarned them to be prepared . I waited 1 hour for my breakfast after ordering it 3 times , dirty silverware , a server who had no idea what was going on . - I called the front desk just to be transferred to another room 3 times , each time I was put on hold after my request and not transferred . Ok so they were busy . . . but how long does it take to transfer a phone call ! ? ? ! ? - The wireless internet was nearly impossible to use , and the elevators were so slow ! - More than once I waited for an elevator only to have it open and see the cleaning staff with their back to the door having a conversation . So that 's why I waited for one of the TWO elevators for so long ! One of them was on hold due to a social conversation ! The good stuff : - comfortable beds and linens Sorry but I can not recommend this to anyone , other than a deaf mute artist who has a need for a personal vibrator kit ( it 's part of the mini - bar ) . Oh and they do n't need to room service or to work out .
This property has went downhill . I 've stayed at the Sheraton Seattle numerous times on business over the last 3 years . I used to really enjoy it , but it has progressively gone down hill in my opinion . Unfortunately , . my last stay will likely be my last , despite the location , which is closest to my office . This last visit the hotel was packed , so there was a huge wait to check in , even late at night , and with my SPG status . The room I received was one of the larger suites , but it was really just a huge waste of space . The layout of the furniture was spartan at best . Most disturbingly , the room reeked of mildew and the linens seemed old and tired , long overdue for replacement . This property is undergoing an expansion , so construction noise was also a problem . After 1 night , the mildew was aggravating my allergies , so i asked to be switched to a different room . The room I was moved to was tiny , cramped and dark , and the view looked out on to a lower rooftop , where at 6 am , a construction crew convened . At $ 279 a night , I expect more . I wo n't be staying at this Sheraton again anytime soon .
Will never go back . It was the worse stay we had ever had at a hotel . They were no help to us at all . The concierge had no idea about the sites in the city , how to get there and espically how to get back . After finding a concierge who knew where Fishermans Terminal was she advised taking a cab , which we did . Not knowing that the cabs did not return to that area . We were stuck there for over one hour after calling the hotel for assistance and having them tell use there was nothing they could do . Saw other guests who were also upset .
Great location , Great price . We stayed at the Moore for two nights right after Memorial Day , in a standard room with 2 double beds and a private bath on the 7th floor ( 719 ) . The room was huge , while sparsely decorated . The bathroom was average - small , and there was a large walk - in closet . There was no air conditioning , but that seems to be the norm in Seattle . The room was very clean - we could smell the cleaning supplies when we entered the room . The front desk service was great - they recommended great places to eat , order delivery , and get a shuttle to the airport . The free internet terminal in the lobby was also appreciated . The location is great - not only is it walkable to many attractions , but it 's in the middle of the downtown free bus zone , so you do n't have to walk if you do n't want to . Our room was approximately $ 100 with tax per night . I 'd stay there again .
Wonderful Hotel . Experience Our stay could n't have been better . Great service , beautiful clean rooms and two great restaurants to choose from . Will definitely return .
Entirely Too Trendy . My wife and I recently stayed at the W Seattle and enjoyed our stay , but there are a few things that prevented me from rating the hotel higher than average . First off , there was n't a coffee maker in the room . I know it is Seattle and there is a Starbucks on every corner , but this is something that every hotel that I have ever stayed in has . Secondly , this place will nickel and dime you to death . For example : $ 35 a night for parking and $ 14 for a small ham and cheese sandwich in the restaurant . I also did not like it when we walked into the hotel on Saturday night and found that the lobby had been turned into the most popular nightclub in Seattle . There was literally a D . J . spinning dance music records very loud in the lobby . All of the beautiful people were there and I was not impressed . If you are snobby , wealthy , or a self centered person this is the hotel for you . It is very dark and the decorations in the common areas are very artsy fartsy . The only reason my wife and I stayed here , was that it was during Sea Fair , and I found a great rate on the W 's website . The hotel is located in a fantastic location . We wo n't be returning .
Do n't Be Misled . I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site for Labor Day Weekend . Thought the reviews were to good to be true based on other guides that listed this hotel . As I quickly learned on arriving , this is just a basic budget hotel . The hotel was clean and the staff was accomodating but they appeared to be young inexperienced college students . From the studio descriptions listed I expected a kitchenette with a full sized refrigerator and a stovetop . Instead it was your usual small hotel refrigerator and a small microwave . Do n't think you are going to get a studio like other hotel chains that offer a studio . The continental breafast was pathetic . The main item being offered were boiled eggs ( for breakfast no less ) . The only thing I had at breakfast was a glass of guava juice . I thought the price was rathar high at $ 155 a night but I reasoned that if I was receiving a studio at a splendid hotel it would be a bargain . Instead I received the basic hotel room with no room service , no view to speak of and an uncomfortable bed . To me it was worth about $ 90 . You must know that the area this hotel is in is not the best . I tried to find a good restaurant on Universty Ave . in the area and felt unsafe with some of the individuals that approached me on the street for money . I checked out after the first night . Ended up staying at a Homewood Suites near downtown ( see review ) at about the same price and was completely satisfied . In conclusion I would say that unless you need to be near UW or Safeco Headquarters you probably can find a better hotel .
Nice Hotel , Central Location . My family and I stayed here during what will be remembered as one of the worst winters Seattle has seen in recent memory . Fortunately , the Sheraton is a few blocks away from great shopping and walking through the snow was n't bad at all . In fact , we had to walk to all of our destinations because the Taxi ' s and Public Transportation system were not running at full capacity . We even walked to Pike 's Place and the Aquarium one day and the Seattle Center another ( yeah , the monorail was down also ! ) . Still quite bearable from the Sheraton and my son thought running through all the snow was a blast . A few interesting things I noticed , lots of people smoking , and it did n't seem that most folks walking around were very friendly or courteous at all . I got the feeling that if I did n't get out of someone 's way they 'd walk into me . Maybe I just thought Seattle would be a little friendlier given the great reputation they have as being such a liveable place . The room was nice and comfortable . About what you 'd expect from a four star hotel . Service was okay but not quite the same as a Grand Hyatt or similar . From what I understand we stayed in the newer renovated tower which is supposed to be much nicer than the other , older tower . We were nearly at the top so views , while not spectacular , were n't bad since you see above most everything other building . I 'd suggest staying away from the in hotel restaurant . Quite expensive and service was mediocre . Just across the street is a ChesseCake Factory which is a much better deal for nearly the same quality of food . Only problem is that the Factory does n't open for breakfast . My suggestion would be to have a donut and coffee for breakfast , you 're in Seattle after all ! There really are n't too many simple places to eat in the near vicinity unless you go to the food courts in one of the shopping centers nearby . The ones we went to seemed to be quite upscale so even the food court can be a bit pricey given the type of food served . All in all a pleasant stay .
The Place to Stay in Seattle . I am very particular and I was very happy with our choice to stay at the Sheraton . Since I was working remotely while my husband was attending a convention we upgraded to a club room with a desk . This gave us access to a great continental breakfast and evening munchies . The staff was very friendly , the beds were comfortable and the room was very clean . We walked all over town from here . Avoid the double decker Gray Line tour . Dinner at the Space Needle as the sunset was a splurge , but well worth it . Wild Ginger , McCormick and Schmicks , Top pot donuts , and skating along the sound helped to make it a great working vacation . I lived in Center City Philadelphia for 10 years and was still shocked by the number of homeless people in Seattle .
Rip Off . After a crazy room rate $ 400 for a king room . . . this is n't MONTE CARLO , rate and for get having a $ 10 cocktail Check this out : Package Handling Policy There is a package handling fee for all incoming and outbound packages . Please contact the hotel directly for the exact fee . I was charged for a FEDEX . . . . an envelope Boycott - stay at the MONACO across the street
Ho - Hum . Our stay at the W Seattle had some great moments , and some not so great . + Nice front desk staff upon check - in - Front desk is up a flight of stairs which are not easy to negotiate with bags . You can walk around outside , up the hill , and enter on the same level through the side entrance + Nice Corner room with lots of space - No upgrade , even though a Gold starwood member + Lots and lots of windows in the corner room - Lots of sun , so the room heated up QUICKLY + Fun peek - a - boo view of Mt Ranier - Lots and lots and lots of street noise ( 8th floor ) starting at about 5am . **The hotel is on a major diesel bus line , with a stop directly in front of the hotel , and the noise wakes you up too early . As does general noise from the street as traffic gets going . + Excellent decor and fantastic Bliss branded products . Loads and loads of towels . - Room was worn ( scuffed , chipped paint ) , bathtub / shower was only so - so , pillows were uncomfortable and cheesy plastic cups in bathroom . + Allows dogs - $ 25 a night fee , and nothing extraordinary in return ; same dog amenities as the Seattle Sheraton or Westin . The Bar + Great happy hour specials - TERRIBLE service on one occasion ( forgotten food orders , difficulty in getting her attention . . ) + Fun Environment on the weekend - Limited seating We also overheard the host for the bar telling a couple with a small service dog that the dog was not permitted . This is in direct violation of the law and the host did not seem to care . Location Location Location is nice being near some shopping areas , and it 's an easy walk to Pike 's Place Market , but again , the road in front of the hotel is VERY VERY busy . You really have to hike to find nice outdoor dining , and you are aways away from what I consider the central area ( Nordstrom , et . al ) . Dog owners , the Library is one block up and has plenty of grass , so it 's a great place for doggy bathroom breaks . Overall : If I got a screaming deal on this hotel , as I did this time , I would stay again . But the location is not where I prefer to be and the street noise is out of control for weekday stays . I would request a higher floor to see if the steet noise was any less up higher . I 'm also miffed about the $ 25 pet fee in comparison with Sheraton , which is $ 0 .
Overrated and overpriced . We stayed at the W for a few nights in July . While the location was pretty central and the bar scene was fun , we has a few negative experiences that would dissuade me from returning . First , the staff was snooty and unhelpful . Whether it was dinner suggestions or directions , they were of little help and did not want to lift a finger for us . Another major drawback was the service . Other than the fact that the televisions were broken , the room was not serviced by housekeeping on more than one occasion . We had to keep calling housekeeping to get them to clean the room , and when they did , they would not provide new toiletrees or enough towels . Additionally , the bathrooms need a lot of remodeling - it was very old and uninviting . The bar at the hotel is certainly trendy and fun , but I would stay at the Fairmont in the future . Same location , same cost and much , much nicer .
Disgusting ! I FELT LIKE DIRT AFTER MY STAY STAY . THE STAFF WERE all jerks ! Worst of all there was s fungus growing inside my Bathroom ! EWWWW !
2nd visit not as good as the 1st . I reviewed this hotel in Feb 08 and gave it a great review . However we experienced a number of problems this time which detracted from their previous service . We made a booking for a room with 2 beds , one for us and one for our teenager . They turned out to be very small double beds , ( almost incapable of holding two grown adults ) , not queens which are the usual size in most upscale hotels of this category . Unfortunately they were also very uncomfortable which is strange as we have found Hyatt beds so comfortable previously we even considered buying one ! Secondly our room had a connecting door to the next room . There was a lock for safety , unfortunately it did n't stop any noise which meant that we could hear every conversation , cough and pin drop next door . Thirdly when we tried to fill the bath the plug would not work and the bath drained quicker than it was filling . Unfortunately we only found this out at 11pm on our first night . After reporting it next morning it was mended before 6pm . It meant that we only had a chance to use the bath on one of our two nights stay , which was a bit of a let down . Fourthly , when we tried to arrange a later checkout they could not accommodate us . Odd as we did n't have a problem the previous time we stayed , even though we booked the room on points on both occasions . Lastly , when we went down to catch a taxi to the airport there was no porter to be seen anywhere . We were jumped on by two taxi drivers parked in the loop who ended up heatedly arguing over us in the middle of the Grand Hyatt driveway / lobby door area . Not exactly the behavior expected in a hotel of this class . A porter should be there at all times to organise transport , baggage , etc and to assist guests of the hotel We ended up walking onto the street to hail another taxi to avoid the argument . Our experience this time means we will reconsider our accommodation options during our next visit to Seattle .
Modern comfort and style . I enjoyed my stay at the Watertown Hotel . If I could have only one word to describe I would use clean . The hotel staff is fantastic , very friendly and hospitable . They have a thing called ala cart , I never heard of such a thing but I took advantage of it and highly recommend you do the same . There is a list of ala carts available , it is a complementary service , you pick off the list , call the desk and they deliver to your room . ex . I got the spa cart one night , it had shampoo , conditioner , lotion , bath salts , foot bath / massager . Breakfast is nice , lots of fruit , scrambled eggs , bacon or sausage , cerials , muffins , juice , Starbucks coffee ( of course ) . . . not to shaby . They have a happy hour in the early evening , good selection of beer / wine , cheese , olives . . . Parking is free and very secure . The building is very secure , you have to use your room key to operate the elevator . I took advantage of the shuttle service , I was dropped off and picked up right in front of Cutters Seafood by Pikes Market . There are several restaurants within walking distance ( 3 blocks to a mile ) . I walked to Kai 's Bistro / Loung about 3 blocks away , good happy hours , cheap eats and drinks . There are lots of bicycles available for use . This hotel is tops on my list and I do n't plan on staying anywhere else when I am in Seattle .
Disappointing . Amenities Part of the reason we selected the hotel was because it advertised having a pool and hot - tub . The Pool ended up being so dirty that the sides , above the water were black with grime and people had taken to scratching profanities into it . Otherwise the rest of the pool had dark dirt stains covering the bottom and sides . The hot - tub was luke warm at best and just like the pool it was filthy . We informed the desk about both the pool and the hot - tub and they stated they were cleaned regularly and were operating as they should . These statements indicated to us they did not care about what we thought once they had our money . A further complaint was the difficulty in finding information related to their parking accommodations which turned out to cost an additional $ 27 / day . The rooms themselves were adequate although the marble in the bathrooms could have used a thorough cleaning as they had dirt and rust stains . The best part about the hotel was the location as it was in walking distance of the Space Needle , The Public Market and for us Qwest Field . This hotel is good if you are just looking to catch some sleep but you do not worry too much about quality . If you want to soak in the hot - tub or swim in the pool at the end of a long day look for other accommodations .
Precisely as expected . This is a great budget hotel in a nice neighborhood in Seattle . I was hoping for somewhere clean , safe , and in a good location for seeing Seattle . I believe it fufilled all those requirements . What it is NOT is a luxury hotel . The rooms are plain , but pleasant and tidy . They provide free bottled water in the mini fridge , along with microwave popcorn , and starbucks coffee . They have basic cable tv , no pay - per - view options but a VCR ( ! uhm , how about a DVD player instead ? ) The beds are adequate but strangely hollow feeling , very springy . Still comfortable though . The bathroom is spacious and clean , though the tub is kind of on the small side and the shower water pressure is n't strong like I prefer . The bathroom has a large framed mirror , but it would have been nice to have a full length mirror available in the room . One noticible drawback is that it was a little bit noisy . We kept checking the windows because it sounded like one of them was open due to the audible traffic noises outside . Staff is friendly and helpful . They have laundry facilities along with several vending machines for snacks and beverages . They also offer a free 24hour workout room that was very nice to have access to . ( treadmill , stationary bike , elliptical machine , weight machine , they provide towels , apples , fans , and a small tv . ) There is a nearby 24hr grocery store , Dick 's hamburgers across the street for late night munchies ( open until 2am ) and really delicious pizza by the slice at Pagliacci 's one block down . Seattle Center ( space needle , science center ! ) and Key Arena are both just a very short walk away . The Mediterranean is : Clean , convenient , and friendly . The Mediterranean is not : fancy or quiet . I would recommend it for family or budget travellers , not so much for business or romantic trips .
Nice decor but not worth the price . Hotel Max has a great location , nice decor and good service but the price is n't justified . The bedroom is tiny ( and I live in a 550 sq . ft apartment ) and so is the bathroom ; do n't expect to take a shower without touching the shower curtain . Walls are paper thin but that 's to be expected in an old building . Again , the hotel is decorated beautifully but our room did n't meet our expectations .
Disappointed . This is in a nice location but just has the basic needs . The reviews led me to believe this was an exceptional hotel . This is a good value and a good location . The rooms are not well appointed and the staff was not overly helpful . A good value yes . Top notch hotel it is not .
Lukewarm Experience . My husband and I recently stayed at the Hotel Max for an anniversary weekend . The decor was fun and funky . Our room was spacious and comfortable , but there was a step up into the bathroom which would make it impossible for a disabled person ( and dangerous in the middle of the night if you forgot it was there ) . We asked to be moved after the first night as the air conditioner seemed to have only one speed and was quite loud . The next room was a bit of an odd layout , but ok . I had made a video of our years together and saved it to my iPod . The TV monitor would not accept any auxiliary output , even though the monitor itself was set up for it . When I called the front desk they said it was set up that way so that they could make money on Pay per View . There was nothing they could do about it and that 's just the way it is . The hotel is conveniently located , but the $ 30 / night parking charge seemed high . Overall the experience was okay , but I would probably not opt to stay there again .
Great ! I loved this hotel . Friendly staff , great bed linens , clean and new , beautifully decorated , interesting and original .
A little too clubby for me . I have never stayed at a W before , I have had many a martini at the San Francisco W but never stayed over night . The W Seattle is not as impressive as the San Francisco location . The lobby of the hotel is chopped into two different sections , reception and the living room lounge area . The reception is where you first enter and leaves a lot to be desired . Check in went smooth except that they stuck us in a room that looked out on to a parking garage ( we asked for a nice view because it was my husbands birthday ) . Once we were switched we were fine with our room ( even though no assistance was offered to move our luggage ) . The main problem that I had with this hotel is that I felt that it was trying to be so hard to be cool and hip that they over did it . I mean who really wants to walk into a blue dimly lit hallway at 10am or listen to house music in the restroom when you are heading out to breakfast . There is a time and place for these things and the morning did not feel like that time . Another strange thing that happened during our stay is that 20 - 30 young people were staying at the hotel ( in their teens ) and all the hallways reeked of pot . One day they camped out in the lobby and were sprawled across the couches and by the fire drawing pictures , reading magazines and on the floor taking naps for hours . No other guests could access any part of this area during this time . Although we got a great deal and the hotel was in very easy walking distance to everything , I would probably opt to stay at one of the many other hotels in the surrounding area .
Wonderful Hotel . We loved this hotel in downtown Seattle . The location was great - - close to Pikes Market and great shopping . It was our first time in Seattle and we could n't have picked a better place to stay . The room was spacious and spotless . The bedding heavenly - - we were on the club level and we were pleasantly surprised at the great continental breakfast . I would definitely recommend this hotel .
Careful what you book . Be careful of the room type if you are more than one person . Husband and I were put in a room with two double beds ( no kings available ) and the beds took up most of the room . Two lounge chairs were struck in the corner where you could n't really even see the TV . Since we were going to be spending six nights , we moved to another hotel with much bigger rooms , Inn at Harbor Steps , which I highly recommend . Location was very central and great for shopping and the linens and bed were very comfortable . Staff very nice , but could n't change the room .
Never Again . . . . I do n't usually write reviews but feel like I should warn the unsuspecting . Worst hotel I 've stayed in . Hallways are dark with a subterrain feeling . Rooms very small with LOW ceilings . No pop machines in the ENTIRE hotel . So either bring your own or pay $ 4 a piece from mini bar . Not a phone book in the room , had to call for one . Bed was comfortable and room service food was good . But the lobby was small and dark lobby with stairs down to fireplace , chairs , and bar . Also everything they do is by text message to you . This feels very impersonal , I like to connect to a person . Parking was over $ 35 a night ! ! We had an above standard room and we still were charged $ 20 a day after tax for wi - fi . . . I will never stay in a W hotel anywhere . Perhaps 20 - yr olds would think this place cool , but anyone that has seen the world via hotels will NOT find this appealing , .
parking is exorbitant . Absolutely do n't stay at this hotel if you 're driving . Parking is valet - only which is $ 35 / night , but they double - charge you w / an additional $ 35 / night for parking . If you do n't mind paying $ 70 / night ( excluding gratuities ) for parking go ahead .
lots of hidden charges . I travel to Seattle and have stayed in a number of hotels there - - notably the Edgewater and Monaco . I stayed at the Sheraton this time primarily due to an internet price offer and the 4 star rating of the hotel . But it 's clear that the Sheraton sheds all it 's normal charges in order to make the rm price look cheap - - while my quote was abt $ 200 a night - - in fact I paid abt $ 300 a night . On a two night stay that 's a big surprise . Valet parking is $ 35 a night , and their non - valet parking is $ 28 a night and a block away . To be fair , Seattle parking in general is way overpriced - - comparable to NYC ( where at least it seems merited ) . Internet is $ 9.95 per day . If you send packages ahead ( as many of us business travelers do ) you are charged on a sliding scale based on weight - - that added another $ 60 to my bill . AND they lost the most important box of the lot . While they made some visible efforts to look for the box - - the fact is that Fedex showed the box signed for , and their own system had logged it in - - but they could not locate . I 've had better help at Motel 6 - - and they do n't charge anything for internet or boxes . The room was a perfectly normal hotel room ; ditto with bathroom - - in short , there is nothing here that special , they are overpriced , and service in this case was subpar . Also they seem to cater to conventions , large groups , so there are long waits for everything ( elevator , bell boy , cashier , etc . , and there usually 20 - 30 people out front smoking and blocking doorways . Everyone has their hand out ( not unusual at a hotel like this , but even more blatant here - - and without much of a smile or effort ) When I have to open my trunk and pack my bags in the car , it seems impertinent to be expecting a tip just for bringing the car up . Will not repeat this hotel , and frankly hurt my impression of Sheraton overall as well . I have had much more consistent and better visits at Hiltons lately . One small note - - there is a great Vietnamese restaurant around the corner called Bambuza - - do n't miss it ! It was the highlight of this trip .
Great Hotel . . . Exceptional Service . Bedding
Nothing Special . Stayed during a business meeting ; was upgraded to a club level room . I was expecting something nice but really could not tell the difference between a standard room and a club level room ( if you asked ) . The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was alright . Put the AC on high , but the room still felt like a sauna . The hotel staff were very courteous and the valet staff had their work cut out for them . . . Overall : If you are coming to Seattle on vacation , I would go somewhere more unique . If it 's for business , I guess this place is alright
W / A Business Stay . Dimly lit facilites and noisy rooms . Not an appropriate hotel for a business trip with hosted business meetings actually in the hotel . Heard neighbors next door and upstairs through very thin walls and floors . Very good room service food . No issues with billing , and mostly helpful staff . Bottom line : Great location but very noisy . Not a good place for business meetings
Overwhelming service . All members of staff were accommodating , pleasant and helpful . The shuttle service was excellent ; the designated pick - up and drop - off points were conveniently located , and the drivers were always available . The manager actually went out of his way to deliver several items that I had forgotten in the safe before I left the city . I highly recommend this hotel , and will certainly stay there during my next visit to Seattle .
great character and style . We have stayed at the Moore several times over the past 8 years . We were always afraid it would go the way of many downtown hotels in North America - new furniture and higher prices . We have never been disappointed . It has always exceeded our expectations .
does n't honor reservation 's price . Made a reservation using the 50 % Entertainment book discount ( mentioned at time of reservation ) and when we went to check in , they said they have n't honored that for weeks . So we cancelled the room before we found out that there was a huge convention in town that took over all the hotels in the area , and we had to cut our vacation short . The Warwick apparently thinks a few bucks ( from milking conventioneers ) is worth ticking off a few Entertainment book users . Definitely not 3 star material to me . . . pretty sleazy IMHO .
Avoid If At All Possible . I 'm not a terribly critical person , but I really hated this hotel . It has some good points - for example , it 's cheaper than other options in downtown Seattle and it 's in a decent location . ( It 's not in the center of downtown like the other hotels , but it 's only a 5 or 6 block walk ) . However , those are the only positives . The rooms are very dark and the furniture is really old and mismatched . This gives the impression of it being dirty as soon a you walk in . As far as cleanliness , it was just okay - it 's the kind of place that makes you feel as though you need to check the sheets before crawling into bed . The blankets were really , really worn , but the sheets seemed clean . Everything else was a crap shoot . My biggest problem with the room was that it was freezing . They have these balconies , which are not meant for actually standing on , which were very drafty and made the room unbearably cold . I turned up the thermostat , but it did n't help . And when it actually kicked on , the smell that came out of the vent was disgusting . It smelled like mold and mildew . We actually turned off the heat and froze just so we would n't be subjected to the smell . Anyway . . . I thought this hotel would be okay since I was not planning on being in it very often and I really just needed a convenient location to sleep . Now that I 've stayed there I realize it would have been just as cost effective to spend a little more and stay somewhere that provided some comfort . The Warwick charges $ 23 , ( I think ) , for parking and $ 12 for internet / per day . By the time you add all the extras , I could 've stayed at the Red Lion or Hotel Monaco for only slightly more . If you 're going to Seattle , look hard at spending a little extra for another hotel - and you 'll probably even end up right in the center of downtown .
Great Location and Value . We were here for the Easter long weekend and loved it . We received a very fair rate and the staff at the front desk were very helpful and they even had a free shuttle to downtown which we only used on our first night becuase we soon realised just how close we really were to everything . we were about a 25 minutte walk to Pioneer Square about 15 minute walk to Pike Place Mareket and a 20 minute walk to Space Needle / EMP . The rooms are clean and well kept with a mini fridge in the room that I really like , but sadly no coffee maker . My only major beef was the $ 21 for nightly parking which was a blatant rip - off considering they only charge $ 8 to park all - day .
Poor Service . All the good reviews the Andra gets makes me wonder if I stayed at the same place . My wife and I spent the last three nights of our honeymoon in Seattle at the Andra . I wish it had at least been the first three days of our trip so that we did n't have such an anti - climax . Having read a previous bad review of this hotel , I contacted the Andra in advance to reserve a room on a high floor away from the elevators as soundproofing is non - existent . What room did I get ? One on a lower floor opposite the elevator . They were only willing to move us away from the elevator but on the same floor . Our package included champagne and truffles upon arrival . The truffles did n't arrive until our final night after two complaints to the front desk . I handed an item of clothing in to be laundered . It came back ruined . Overall , the Andra is a great looking hotel and would get more marks from me but for the poor service . The only saving grace was the adjacent Lola restaurant which serves up great food .
Highly recommend the Watertown . An excellent experience all around . Not at all the same old , boring hotel decor . I actually enjoyed being in my room ! The staff members went out of their way to be helpful , and the breakfast was a treat . I highly recommend the Watertown .
Holy Grail Why the Holy Grail ? Simple really . I 've spent my travel history attempting to book my family into places that are: 1) Clean 2) Interesting 3) Classy 4) Reasonably priced 5) Logistically appropriateI ca n't say enough about the WaterTown . The only hotel I 've ever stayed that met all of the above criteria . The fact is that I 've basically given up on hotels when my wife and I travel in favor of upscale BBs - but with kids , a hotel really is the only option sometimes . I 've stayed in " four stars " that are three times as expensive as the WT , just because they have marble in the foyer and cracker box rooms with hair left in the bathtub ! Geez ! If you wan na pay for that , smell churros from the pier all night , and listen to noise from the pseudo - hipster - doofus bar downstairs just to be " downtown " then by all means , go for it . The WT is cool , fun , clean , clean , CLEAN , and three blocks from U of W . We took strolls on the campus every evening after returning from ( the short drive ) downtown , and it is the finest campus I 've ever been on ( including Harvard ) . Be sure to check it out , and even pop into the library ( the old main one , not the law library ) if you can - truly an amazing place with stained glass and castle - like architecture . The neighborhood around the WT is totally cool - infused with college town type dining and shops . My kids really enjoyed watching the U of W students plodding to class every morning from the breakfast bar windows . Speaking of breakfast , I figure we saved at least $ 100 over the course of our stay not having to eat out every morning . This is n't the typical continental breakfast either hard boiled eggs , bagels , toast , juices , french toast , fresh fruit , Starbucks ( thank - god ) coffee , and other items . The staff appears to mostly be U of W students ( guessing ) and they were totally polite , helpful , and informative . The staff even went out of their way to assist me when my son and I brought home 25 pounds of freshly caught salmon . They made room in the hotel refrigerator to store our huge fish . When we returned from fishing on Puget ( try Fish Finders Charters - they 're awesome ) we were able to wash our totally fishy clothing in the FREE hallway washer and dryer provided for the suites on each floor . There are coin - operated units downstairs for non - suites , but even that is rare for a hotel in my opinion . Okay . Enough already . What are the negatives ? Parking ( secure , under the hotel ) can be a bit tight if you arrive late on a weekend . What can I say ? The WT has my loyalty and no other hotel in my 42 years has been able to accomplish that . And we are a PICKY family , believe me . The # 1 or # 2 or whatever rating was right on baby !
Excellent Hotel . Excellent hotel , perfect location , and wonderful staff . This hotel should be rated higher that it is on most booking sites . The price was very good and the service was excellent . The staff went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable . We were able to walk to all of the must see places in Seattle . The trip may have been business , but the stay was a pleasure at the Mediterranean Inn .
Good location . Just stayed there this week . The location is great and the price could n't be beat . Easy to get to off I - 5 and right around the corner from the shopping district . Pikes Place Market is 5 blocks ( 10 min walk ) straight down Stewart Street ( which the hotel is located ) . The staff was great and attentive . Get a local map from them and have them explain the area . Most of the town can be done simply by walking . However if you goto Woodland Park take a cab or drive . The hotel itself is very nice . However I found the rooms small and the bathroom basically the size of a small closet . If you are a large person then attempting to shower will be problem . The hotel pics are exactly what you see . The hotel is definitely worth it but like I said , if small bathrooms are n't your thing then I would look elsewhere . Enjoy !
Good location , staff could have been more helpful . The location of the hotel is good - fairly close to everything . The rooms were clean and we had a balcony and a great view of the Space Needle ( I 'd recommend asking for a space needle view , if you book ) . The price was alright as well , at least in comparison to other hotels in Seattle . . . . Problems : There is n't a moderate / good for family restaurant in the hotel and it is hard to find these in the hotel neighborhood as well , unless you just want fast food . ( There is a small grocery / wine store across the street that is open until late , which was really nice ! ) The staff was not friendly , nor helpful . The front desk was unable to give us walking directions to the wharf ( I would have thought a lot of people would have asked for that . . . ) . There was also problems with getting a late checkout - because our flight out was at 6pm , I had emailed the hotel before we left for Seattle to get a late check - out . The hotel had responded that , that would n't be a problem . When we checked in , the front desk clerk said we had to ask the night before we check out . When I asked that night , he said we had to call down in the morning . . . . just extra unneccessary hassle . Overall , I 'd stay somewhere else on my next trip .
MAX - imum enjoyment ! My co - worker and I stayed at the Hotel Max on a semi - business trip , we decided to share a room to save the company a few dollars - - always mindful to watch the company money ! While the Max is on the high end ( price wise ) of what I typically pay when traveling for pleasure , it 's still very competetive with other downtown Seattle hotels ( priceline has spoiled me over the years , so anything over $ 150 per night seems like a splurge ) . We called ahead to confirm a late check in and to double check that we were all set for our reserved room with 2 beds - - seemed all was A - ok . Upon arrival , we were greeted by a very attentive front desk clerk , who even went looking for bottled water for us ! After experiencing a smooth check in , we were soon on our way to our 8th floor room . First impressions - - the room was far larger than I had expected ! I , of course had only seen the one room , but complaints regarding size seem to be the norm for reviews of this hotel . The wardrobe was plenty spacious ( I had taken particular note , as someone mentioned they had to hang their clothes at an angle - - if their room had the same wardrobe - - I have to question how large are your clothes ? ! ; ) ) . One downfall . . . the room , while non - smoking and on a non - smoking floor , had clearly been home to guests who have yet to realize that CIGARETTE SMOKE SMELLS and LINGERS . I probably could have adjusted , but my co - worker is particularly sensative , so this was a problem . We attempted to switch rooms , but were informed that the hotel was booked - - we would have to wait until morning . In an effort to rid the room of the reek . . . we opened the windows , and that helped a bit . The beds were laden in white down comforters / duvets and loads of pillows . . . and let me tell you - - this bed put the Westin Heavenly bed to SHAME ! Kudos x 2 on the comfy beds ! The bathroom was reasonably spacious complete with the typical ameneties . Being a hip / edgy sort of place , the MAX has it 's own line of bath products - - each in a simple white bottle with white lettering . There is also mimi fridge , wine glasses , CD player and a few CD singles , flat screen TV , two seersucker robes lined with terry cloth , a selection of teas and coffee and even a adult novelty item ( for purchase , of course ! ) . Another observation worth mentioning , I found the room to be impeccibly clean . I tend to notice creepy brown corners in hotel rooms and this room was creepy - free . Having just flown in from the East Coast , I was happy to settle in the oh - so - sensational bed for some Z ' s ! BTW : there is a window ac / heating unit that some may call noisy , I personally have never met a heating and air unit in a hotel that was n't ! Also . . . when you visit a big metropolitan city , be prepared to hear a little traffic outside ! ( Kills me when people go to NYC or some similiar place and complain about the street noise ! ) The room gets ' A ' grade ! The following morning , we were assured that our request for a smoke free room was being handled , so we packed our bags and checked them at the front desk before heading out for the day . The hotel is in a good location , very close to Pacific Place Mall , just a couple of blocks from the monorail to the space needle and a straight shot down Stewart to the Public Market . It 's crucial to note that there is a starbucks to your right - - and left , as you exit the hotel . My co - worker and I love to walk , so had no problems getting around to all of the sights . The MAX is also located just a few blocks from the free ride zone that allows you to travel on the city bus for free to the key downtown areas . Location gets an ' A ' ( although some may feel it 's just a hair out of the way . We did experience a couple of hiccups when trying to switch rooms , but the staff was very patient and dilligent in making sure we were taken care of . . . they even offered us a bottle of wine ! Staff gets an ' A ' as well . The adjoining restaurant is a great spot for drinks . . . we loved the atmosphere , but did not have dinner . Overall - - I give this hotel great praise and would definitely reccommend it . It 's on the funky side , so if you 're more of a Comfort Inn kind of person , you may feel a little more at home elsewhere . I 'm sure I 'll return to Seattle again - - and hope to visit the MAX on my return !
Great Hotel ! ! What an enjoyable stay . This hip , stylish hotel was a bargain at $ 155 per night . Excellent service at the front desk . The room was large and the beds were very comfortable . Everything seemed new . They showed an attention to detail that is very unusual . A water filter under the sink . Alcohol swabs at each telephone . Real scrambled eggs and great bacon at the breakfast buffet that was included in the price . You get the idea . Very nice neighborhood with easy access to I - 5 .
Too Much Traffic Noise . I attended a conference and stayed at this hotel for three miserable nights . The lobby and dining areas are fine . The rest of the hotel needs a lot of work . I had a room on the quiet side of the 12th floor . Unfortunately , I do n't think there is a quiet side of the hotel . As previous posts mentioned , there was a continuous draft through the sliding glass door since it would n't close all the way . I asked to move to another room and was told that all the nonsmoking rooms were booked . The room was so loud from buses and other traffic noise that it sounded like a freight train was going to come through the wall at any time . I 've stayed at a lot of hotels on business trips and this was by far the noisiest . The towels and sheets were threadbare . The heater roared loudly , and the room was either hot from the heater or cold from the draft . The conference facilities were drafty and the food was average . The front desk staff had a pleasant appearance but did not seem interested in providing any assistance with dining recommendations , transportation , directions , etc . I asked the bellman for directions to a restaurant and he sent me down the wrong street . This is not a hotel I can recommend for any type of group .
Stay here if you can get a deal . We got a rate of $ 99 on Priceline . They put us in a hospitality suite with two roll - aways ! On the other hand , the cots were comfortable and the room , strange as it looked , was bigger than a regular room . The front desk is disorganized , the lobby is outrageously crowded and bustling with groups . Theres a nice view from the pool / health club . The location is good for touring . Theres no place for breakfast . I would never consider staying here for rack rate but for a priceline stay , it 's fine .
Horrible Hotel ! Be careful with this hotel . They will cheat you . When I called to make a reservation for a government conference I was told the hotel was completely sold out . I requested to be put on a waiting list and they took my name . A few days later a co - worker called and was able to book a room and received the government rate . I called the hotel and asked why I was n't called . They gave me the run around and said an opening came up . I asked if an an opening came up , why did n't they call me since I was on the waiting list . They agreed to give me a room ( hmmm . . . thought they were sold out ) but said they could n't accomodate all the nights of my stay . But they would not give me the government rate even though they gave it to my co - worker who called AFTER I did . There is major construction going on at this hotel . In addition , the hotel is not very nice . They do n't have a business center , gift shop , or wireless internet . They only have one place to eat and the prices are outrageous for very average food . Whatever you do , do n't stay at this hotel . There are many other nice hotels who will accomodate their guests . The Seattle Sheraton has no sense of customer service . Avoid this hotel !
Worst hotel I 've ever stayed in . I travel for a living and this was the worst hotel experience I have ever had . I stayed in this hotel in November , 2005 . The room was on climate control and it was very cold . On the first day , the shower pressure was so low that I coul n't wash the conditioner out of my hair . The second day , I was unable to take a shower because the water was either very hot or cold . It would not reach a warm temperature . When I asked the clerk at the front desk , he said that the hotel was under construction and all of the pipes were messed up . Room service at breakfast was 1 / 2 hour late and the server showed up just as I was leaving to attend a meeting . I did not have time to eat . I tried to have a quick cup of coffee but it was stone cold . I had to argue with the staff to take the meal off my bill . Two personal items of mine were taken from my room and again , the staff argued . I spent two hours in the business center preparing business related emails . The center took my $ 50 and then notified me that the emails could not be delivered due to technical difficulties . When I approached the front desk for assistance , I was told that there was nothing they could do , and literally responded that it was not they 're problem . Fifty dollars were added to my bill for items from the mini - bar which I did not order . It was explained that I was charged for items from the previous customer . When I questioned how they did this , the staff argued with me rudely and insulted me . A client of mine reserved the room and intended to pay for it . I became aware at check out that they had charged my credit card . The staff shugged their shoulders and stated that that was the way they did things . Since the arrangement was for the client to pay for expenses , the hotel staff made him come down to the hotel with his credit card and to add insult to injury , made him fill out a long document which delayed an appointment by 10 minutes . As someone who travels internationally , he commented on the rude and hostile behavior of the clerk . I left a note for the general manager and asked for his comments . I also left a telephone message for him but he never returned my call . Not only would I never stay in this hotel again , but I will never patronize another Sheraton establishment .
Perfectly adequate room , billing all screwed up . I spent two nights here a on business couple of weeks ago . The room was OK , although the bedding is full of feathers ( pillows , mattress pad ) so I had to expressly request that housekeeping not put back the pillowtop mattress pad . Huge bathroom , actually unneccessarily large for my needs . The minibar is computerized , so if you even move something to see what it is you 'll be charged for it . Biggest problem was on checkout day , when I had breakfast in the restaurant and checked out before the cost was posted to my account . They faxed me a copy of my receipt , then double - charged me for the breakfast . It 's been a week and a half and it still is n't straightened out . Odd for a Hyatt .
Best downtown location . We go to Seattle often , but this was the first time we stayed at the Sheraton . I chose it because of the positive reviews I read on TripAdvisor , the fantastic promo they had on their website ( $ 129 + tax for the weekend ) and the location . I was really impressed with their renovated modern lobby , it felt similar to the W ( another Starwood hotel ) but larger . The staff was more mature friendlier than the W . There 's ample seating in the lobby to read the newspaper , an area of computers for guests , a takeout cafe / bakery and a restaurant / grill . . . from what I saw . We requested the renovated Union St Tower and were really happy with the room - decent downtown view , new furnishings , very comfortable and contemporary . There was a flatscreen TV , Starbucks coffee and Bliss products in the room . To make it even better they should add robes and a complimentary bottle of water - the tap water was too chlorinated and the mini bar bottled water was $ 4 . The location is perfect because it 's so close to Pike Place market , downtown shopping and the great restaurants in Belltown . Everything that we needed was within 1 block or 2 : bank , coffee shop , pharmacy , great stores parking . We parked in the Convention Centre lot for $ 24 / night versus paying $ 35 / night at the hotel . The Centre is safe because it 's either packed with cars during the day or closed at night . We ate at some fantastic restaurants : Tavolata and Union . There 's a cool lounge around the corner from the hotel called Vessel with great cocktails , music and interior . For breakfast we ate at the market ( lots of options ) but did n't have a good experience at Cafe Campagne . . . we waited 45 min for breakfast and then it was served cold . To top it off they were n't too apologetic .
Watch out for this one ! The previous positive reviews must have been from those who were given OUR room . Just hope that you get there to get a room ahead of someone else ! We booked this hotel through Hotwire , which was misleading , as it listed this hotel as a Pike Street Market hotel . Not so : it is 5 long city blocks away . It also lists as a boutique hotel which is to make it sound quaint , I guess . Translate it : Old and unrelenting . We called ahead because we specifically needed two beds for medical reasons . I even checked in early to secure a room . I was told by a counter help that your room is locked in for the 14th floor and two beds . We returned at 6 p . m . to be told that because of increased business , our room had been changed to a room with one king bed ( very , very small ) and a lower floor . Now : I had been told to check in early and that I would get a higher floor room with two beds . Not so . To say that I have a room locked in and then to DOWN GRADE me , is inexcusable . I only regret that I did n't wear my new Trip adviser bill hat ! The front desk was very very rude ; cutting my sentences off midway to tell me that it did n't matter what I was told , a crowd had come in and they sold my room . I spent a SLEEPLESS night on a lower floor next to my husband who needed his own bed . How rude . They were n't even apologetic . It was ridiculous . I will never stay here again . Beware : some rooms are very small and outdated and the pool smells like mildew . Seriously . I was basically told because I booked through Hotwire , I was n't a preferred customer ! They do n't realize the power of Trip adviser ! My recommendation : Save your money ! There are several better hotels nearby who appreciate your business and will work with you . It is n't that great of a location , and certainly not worth being treated as if I were pond scum because of using Hotwire ( as if people who saved money were stupid ) . Take my advise : spend your well earned money at King 's Motel ( 1 / 2 block away ) or at the Sheraton or Weston . It was a real bummer staying here !
Bad Choice ! I booked this hotel through Hot Wire and called immediately requesting a nonsmoking room , a king bed and a room away from the elevator / ice . The person I spoke to was pleasant and stated they could not guarantee these requests would be honored but would make a note on the reservation . At check - in , the person at the desk was very rude , said there were no special request noted on our reservation card and stated there were no king beds and because of the way the reservation was made we were stuck with 2 double beds . We were located directly accross from the elevator and ice ! It was nonsmoking . There is no elevator from the parking garage to the hotel . The Warwick mats in the garage are filthy as are the stairwells . The part of the hotel that faces 4th smells of urine . The carpets in the registration and elevator area need cleaning . The upholstery and curtains in our room needed cleaning and pressing There was a sign in the bathroom about water conservation ; however , the tub facet dripped continuously . The tub drain needs attention , the shower curtain has holes in it . There was no coffee maker in the room . The bedding did not fit the bed and we found ourselves sleeping directly on the mattress with bedding askew . Other staff were also unfriendly and short . The housekeeping staff was quite pleasant . I will NEVER stay at this hotel !
Really nice rooms , nice shuttle . On the whole this is a great bargain and a lovely hotel . The only thing that pushes me from saying excellent is that I was n't really wild about the university district per se . Although I knew it was n't downtown , I was hoping for more like Harvard Square and it 's more like Westwood / UCLA area . Certainly not the hotel 's fault , but not the kind of immediate area you want to go stroll through . Shuttle service was excellent and convenient , used it three times . The room is lovely , well laid out , tasteful . The breakfast had many nice touches - fresh fruit including kiwi . The hotel is such a bargain - over $ 100 less than downtown hotels . We had the spa cart and really enjoyed it ; parking was free , shuttle was free and very easy and accomodating . Very clean , stylish , comfortable bed . I 'm sure everyone coming to Seattle will hit Pike 's Market , Space needle , and Experience Music Project anyway , but let me just throw in that these were great fun . If you 're into music also check out the Larks music store near Pikes , lots of cool stuff to see . Also Crittendon Locks is well worth seeing ( in the Ballard area ) . Genie
Small boutique hotel . Door
Loved staying @ Hotel Max ! My boyfriend and I stayed @ Hotel Max for the weekend . We had a great experience ! Staff was friendly . Loved the original artwork everywhere . We stayed in the Artist King room . The bed was extremely comfortable , 2 great nights of sleep ! Bathrooms were small , but it did n't matter to us . Toilet and sink in one room , bathtub in another room . The closet was a hoot . When we opened the door , we could n't stop laughing . The width of the closet was seriously like 4 inches ! The clothes we hung had to be slid in @ an angle . Flat - screen tv was nice . We ended up using valet parking . Not too excited about paying $ 22 extra / day + tip since we only took the car out twice , but it was very convenient . Sushi @ Red Fin was delicious ! Overall , Hotel Max was expensive , but we really enjoyed our stay there . We 'll definately come back again , but probably when there are specials on room prices .
Great value for a downtown hotel . My sisters and I decided to go to Seattle for a shopping weekend and the Mediterranean was $ 100 US less expensive than chain hotels right downtown . I had problems with the hotel website and booked directly and got a price lower than the web price . The room was basic , but clean and nicely laid out , with the added advantage of the kitchen area for snacks . The hallways and public areas were spotless . We had the corner room fronting two streets , so were worried about noise , but the area is quiet after 11 , so that was n't a problem . The front desk staff were all helpful . From the hotel to the Pike Place Market area is a pleasant 45 minute walk or $ 7 cab ride , and there are good bistro - type restaurants in the neighbourhood . Note regarding parking . The hotel has a well - secured ( hotel room key access ) parkade under the building . When you check in , park in the loading zone in front of the hotel and the clerk will give you instructions on how to access the parkade . We spent time trying to figure it out beforehand .
OK if you like cramped . The Hotel Andra was perfectly adequate . However , it was rated by Travel and Leisure as one of the top hotels under $ 200 , and from the website I was expecting a posh experience and was underwhelmed . The hotel lobby was attractive , however only one elevator worked for the entire time we were at the hotel . We had a standard room , it was so tiny that I bashed into the sharp corners of the bedframe as I walked past . Also tiny closet and bathroom . Hotel was old and only modestly refurbished . Regarding the location , I would have preferred to stay closer to Pike 's place - Inn at the Market might be good . We had to walk through a couple of sketchy neighborhoods to get to where most of the attractions were . However , the bright spot was it was surrounded by excellent restaurants - Lola ( attached ) , Serious Pie ( across street ) , and Dahlia ( did n't try , but served their amazing Coconut Custard Pie at Lola ) . Staff was helpful .
Good location / value for those who can walk . We were looking for a hotel near the city center that would n't break the bank , yet keep us close to the attractions of the downtown area . The Med fits the bill for those who do n't mind a bit of a walk - though the walk itself is through nice downtown areas with plenty of shops and restaraunts . If you do n't feel like making the mile or so trek back after a night on the town , a cab ride from Pike 's Market area is less than $ 10 ( and worth it if it is raining ) . The staff was friendly , and there is a Starbucks inside the main level . While you wo n't get wireless internet in the rooms , there are two terminals located in the lobby , and a business center with three more computers and printers on the main floor as well . The workout room was unimpressive , but if you are hard - core you will probably prefer to run along the waterfront anyway . All and all a good choice for younger travelers or those who do n't mind a quick cab ride to save some coin on the hotel room price .
Beautiful Hotel , Not so Friendly Staff . The Warwick Seattle
Good Hotel - Bad Wifi . This hotel completed extensive renovations in 2006 and the rooms are lovely . Although the rooms are modern , the hotel has the feel of a traditional hotel . The staff are all well dressed and well mannered and very professional . The location is convenient and there is a small gourmet supermarket across the street open until 1AM . As other reviewers have mentioned , however , street noise is a factor to be considered . The hotel has floor - to - ceiling single glazed windows and even on the 8th floor , trucks and buses could be heard at all hours of the day . Seattle is a very hilly city which adds to the vehicular noise . Most importantly , if you are planning to use the wi-fi internet access , BEWARE . It 's about $ 10 per day but the signal strength is super weak and inconsistent . I had to stand next to my room door to get a halfway decent signal - at the desk there was almost no signal . Hotel staff acknowledge this and have a LAN conversion kit which did n't work either . Bottom line , if internet access is a factor , stay elsewhere .
Incredible View . Our stay has been wonderful , beautiful view , friendly staff , shuttle driver , a very nice kid . We appreciated the shuttle service . the breakfast room , another gorgeous view . We will return . Mark and Kim
Noise of airconditioner - a standard ? We arranged our stay through a travel agency and unfortunately Warwick Seattle Hotel was the only dissapointment through our trip . During our 3 night stay in Warwick , we changed 3 rooms . Starting from the first minute of our stay , hotel personnel did n't make us feel like a guest but more like an intruder . They were very reluctant to help and solve complaints . The hotel is right at downtown and 5 minutes to really good restaurants but this seems like the only good thing about it . Although there was availability , the first room they offered was at 2nd floor and our window was directly opening to the car parking at the same level . So we changed the room . In all 3 rooms , there was a loud sound coming from the air conditioner / heating system which we found unbelievable for an hotel . The hotel personnel told that it is a standard noise for all rooms . So , we tried to avoid using it during the night in order to sleep and if possible only while we were watching TV loudly .
underwhelmed by the W . we stayed there for 3 nights in july . put me in the over priced / trendy camp . the service was hit and miss . the check in was incredibly slow . however , we did find the staff to be friendly and helpful . yes , the bed and plasma tv are great , but everything else about the room was average . $ 30 a night for valet parking was a bit of a shock . all in all , i you pay more than $ 150 / night to stay in this hotel , you 're not getting your money 's worth .
Average . The Hotel is in a great location . Staying on the club floor we got an awesome continental breakfast . The fruit selection was outstanding . I dont know how people can say the Health Club was nice . It is in need of a serious upgrade . Treadmills were in very bad need of repair . ( all of them ) . . . The room was very small . If 8 - 10 people were in there , forget about working out . The jacuzzi was hot and did not work well if at all . The pool was average at best . Rooms were nothing special . The location ( awesome ) and the breakfast ( awesome ) raised this hotels grade to average to me . There is no way I would pay anything over 200 a night to stay here . There are many other quality hotels in all aspects for near that price .
Uber Style , Super Service , Maxmum Comfort - did not want to leave ! I 'll admit I 'm a bit confused by the negative reviews of the W Seattle . I had nothing but positive experiences . The W Seattle caters to the hipster 26 - 35 crowd . Think running shoe designers , web moguls and fasion mavens . People wearing sunglasses in the elevators , that sort of thing . I guess that comes with the territory ; the W certainly is trendy . The W is swathed in a somber , seriously cool style from the swank lounge to the luxurious rooms . The beds were plush and comfortable . The room felt like a modern apartment instead of a hotel . Accents abounded : stereo system , superior waffle robes , even a zen desk waterfall . The bathroom was stocked with luscious Bliss soaps . The staff was friendly and efficient . I was able to check in hours early with no issue . They replaced a lost room and bar key pleasantly , without charging for the loss as some hotels might . I skipped the bar . It was a bit too much of a ' scene ' for my taste . If you enjoy the company of young beautiful people in the latest fashions you 'll love it as the bar was thriving . One ( minor ) drawback was that the W is tucked within canyons of corporate high rises and there is little of interest in the immediate area . A 10 - 20 walk will take you to most of the tourist areas like Pioneer Square , Pike 's Place Market , etc . however . Nonetheless , I 'd stay there again . Amazing comfort .
Wonderful Stay . I had to stay at this hotel for two weeks for my job and the hotel was wonderful , the service was great the only mistake was one day the room was not clean when I returned that afternoon but the service desk quickly fix that error and offered my a free movie . My wife and I did a lot of walking and the hotel is in a great area of town . The Market and Mall are all in walking distance and if you wanted to take a long stroll you could even walk to the tower .
Bed Bugs ! My boyfriend and I stayed here from Sept 2 - 5 . We usually stay at the Springhill Suites Marriott , but decided to go the budget route . A co - worker recommended this hotel knowing I would n't mind the lack of amenities ( bring your own soap etc . ) , or the poor shape it 's in . I have to say I wish I 'd stretched the budget . The first night was fine , likely because we were drunk when we went to bed so we did n't notice anything . The second night I was pulling down the covers and crawling around on my pillow were 2 BED BUGS ! I had booked 2 beds for more space so we thoroughly inspected the other bed and slept in that one . The next morning we saw another bed bug crawling around on the wall next to the bed we just slept in . We took our dead bed bugs downstairs and spoke with Mike ( the manager ) . He was apologetic and claimed this was the first he 'd heard of bed bugs in the Moore . We were booked to stay a third night , but were planning on going elsewhere . Mike said he 'd help us out with the bill and find us another room so we decided to stay . The third night we came back at around 2ish . The night guy assigned us a new room on the 5th floor . We dragged everything to the new room , inspected the beds , unpacked , returned the other key and went back upstairs to finally go to sleep . As I pulled down the covers to go to bed I saw another bed bug crawling along the sheets . This time when we killed it it exploded with blood so it had obviously made a meal out of someone . We packed up all of our belongings again , called a cab , checked out ( at 3:30am ) , and went to stay at the Holiday Inn Express . This place is a nightmare ! ( and I 'm not even a squeamish person ) !
Average , but good for deal received through priceline . . . My husband and I work for a luxury hotel company so , our viewpoint is a bit different than other customers . Regardless , there are a few good things to mention . We enjoyed the location of the hotel , no doubt . The beds were very comfortable and if you stay on the 30th floor or above , the views are spectacular . We had a very low rate of $ 89 / night through Priceline with an upgrade to club for only $ 30 / night . However , we were a little disappointed with the selection and quality of food served in the club . Our main concern with this property was that the staff overall was not very pleasant . It seemed that we were a nuisance to most we came in contact with and timeliness of service was an issue as well . Of course , the valet was pricey , but we read the reviews ahead of time and worked it into our budget . This Sheraton is definitely not a 4 - star hotel and we had looked forward to a high level of service due to the fact that we work for a 5 - star hotel ourselves . So , we would recommend this property if you are happy with 3 - star hotels or lower .
I wish I had booked at the Westin instead . My husband and I are frequent guests of Starwood properties , in fact they are our preferred hotels . We typically stay at Westin 's but wanted to give the W Hotel a try because we thought it would be a better , swankier hotel . While our dinner at Earth Ocean was delicious , we were very disappointed by several things . The front desk and concierge were down right rude and not at all helpful . We felt as though they did n't want to be bothered by a hotel guest . The workout facility at the hotel , in short , was downright awful . A hotel of this caliber can not have such poor equipment in such a cramped , depressing space and expect people to believe this is a luxury hotel . Imagine a guest room with the furniture removed and then replaced with broken , out dated exercise equipment . Thankfully we had a friend in town who gave us passes to the Washington Athletic Club - - which was AMAZING . We were also disappointed to discover that the W does not provide an in - room coffee pot . This seems like such a standard thing these days . Why do n't they have one at this hotel ? Another thing that bothered us was the lack of lighting in the hallways . We actually laughed when we tried to get into our room b / c we could n't see the card reader on our door . There is hip , and then there is just plain stupid . Finally , we requested and received a room on one of the non - smoking floors . One of the other patrons on the floor ignored the hotels ' rules and smoked in their room four out of the five days we were there ( we assumed they checked out before us ) . We called guest services the first day , no longer able to tolerate the smell in our room , and were told something would be said to them or they would be asked to move to the smoking floor . They were not spoken to . After calling guest services again on the third day they told us they would move US to a different room . . . I could n't understand why we would be inconvenienced instead of those who were not complying with the rules of the hotel . It was clear that they never said anything to the guests who were smoking b / c it did n't stop . We gave up and breathed in the smoke for the rest of our stay . Given that the price to stay at the W Seattle and the Westin Seattle are virtually the same , and the amenties at the Westin are SO much better ; we will NEVER stay at the W Seattle again . I wish I had booked the Westin .
Sheraton Seattle - Good Location , Dirty Toilet ! ! My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Seattle a few weeks ago . The lobby was not open ( still under renovation , I guess ) when we arrived , so the reception and concierge desks were shoved into a crowded hallway . Check in went smoothly , and we were given a room promptly even though we arrived a few hours before the official check - in time . When we got to our room , we went to use the bathroom and the toilet was FILTHY ! I will spare you the details , but clearly it had not been cleaned after the last guest . Housekeeping did respond quickly and cleaned the entire bathroom , but that negative first impression still lingers . The rest of the room was OK - typical decor , above average bed , decent view of the city from our 20th floor room . The major strength of the Sheraton Seattle is its location . It is basically across the street from the convention center - perfect it you are attending a conference . It is only a few blocks from Pike Place Market and lots of restaurants and shops . There is a restaurant and a bar at the hotel , but I did n't visit either . No place to get a quick cup of coffee at the Sheraton though . I tried to get take out coffee from the restaurant , but the request seemed to confuse everyone . It took about 20 minutes for them to figure out how to sell me some coffee in a paper cup . I could n't believe it was so difficult to get a cup of coffee in SEATTLE ! Luckily there are coffee shops on every corner once you leave the hotel . Overall , the Sheraton Seattle was OK . Its location made up for its weaknesses , but that is only because I was attending a conference and appreciated the proximity to the convention center . If I were going back to Seattle just for vacation , I would probably try a different hotel .
do n't recommend . Stayed here for 2 nights last week . Had a confirmed reservation via hotel website ( with a printout in my hand ) , but the front desk says the room is not available . Waited for about 20 minutes and a room became available , although not the type I reserved . My rate included continental breakfast , but had to tell the front desk again who finally gave me the vouchers . My room was on the 16th floor facing the Space Needle . You can hear a lot of noise from the street until late night . Overall , I would not recommend this hotel .
Cool hotel , terrible service . The Warwick is located in Belltown , an interesting neighborhood with some fabulous restaurants . It has a nice lobby and the rooms were pretty clean . The front desk , however , was a horror show . We had asked for a pot of coffee to be delivered at 6am every morning , as we needed to be up and out by 7 . On the third morning , we did not get our coffee , and consequently arose an hour late . And in Seattle of all places ! On two separate occasions we asked for the so - called complimentary transportation . Upon the first request , we were told we would have to wait at least a half hour and that we should take a taxi . The second time we asked for transportation we were told our destination was too far away . The point is - do n't advertise the service if there are caveats that go with it . The front desk staff was aloof and not interested in reparing the harm , and for that reason alone I would not stay there again . But I do intend to return to Seattle - great town !
Absolute Best ! ! There is a reason there are so many great reviews for this hotel - they are the best . The views are great and the service is superior ! ! ! Our team stayed here last year as well and the experience just gets better . The beds linens are so comfy - all of us slept like babies ! The rooms are well appointed and very clean ! And bonus points for being so close to some great shopping and restaurants . When you are here , check out Vons for a super martini ! ! ! We will be coming here again !
Not Worth It ! This was our stunning view .
Weekend at the Max . My fiance and I stayed at Hotel Max during a quick weekend trip to Seattle . Overall , I would recommend the Max but hopefully you can get it for a lower rate . I booked the reservation through their website . I never received a confirmation email ( as mentioned on the site ) so the week prior to our arrival date I called to confirm . Their reservation line apparently does n't handle the online reservations and transferred me to the Front Desk , she transferred me back to the reservation line . The reservation agent told me to call the Front Desk back again , at a later time , using a non - toll free number . I gave up trying to talk to anyone and tried my luck with email . I included a few extra questions about parking , check - in , etc . That same day I received a stock - reservation confirmation email with no answers to my questions . Not ideal but it was something . The hotel is great . The local art is a fun touch . There is a book containing all the Hotel Max art and artists in your room ( it 's for sale but you can peruse without charge ) . The location is also very convenient to many shops and sights . It 's about a 10 minute walk to the market . The staff is very friendly . They warned us about delays with valet parking . Unfortunately , even with an early call to tell them we needed the car , we still had to wait 15 minutes in the lobby . We stayed in a queen room . It is small but not too crowded . Very intimate . It reminded me of NYC hotel rooms . It 's a converted building so it has a different feel than the cookie cutter large hotels . The bed was great . A bit soft for my taste but we slept well . Negatives : The A/C is noisy and the towels are thin and scratchy . ( The towels really should be upgraded . ) Our total bill came to $ 257 , this included one night of parking , taxes , and 3 local calls . A bit much for our taste but about average for decent , downtown Seattle hotels that weekend . Overall we were satisfied . We 'll probably stay there again if we get lucky and find a lower rate .
Disappointing reservation mistake . I know I 'm going to the lone descenting voice here , but I was really irritated by my experience at the Andra . I have never checked out of a hotel early in my many years of travel . I booked a room at the Hotel Andra almost 6 months before we went to Seattle . I booked directly through their website for a room described as 2 Queens or 1 King . I made a note in the reservation that I wanted the 1 King , as I was going with my boyfriend . When I got my confirmation via email , it said 2 Queens but the note was on there about the 1 King , so I did n't worry about it . When we arrived , I verified with the front desk agent that we were indeed getting 1 King , not 2 Queens . He said only the 2 Queens room was available . Obviously , we did not want to spend our vacation time sleeping in separate beds . The only thing available with 1 bed was a Queen . In other words , we were downgraded . There was no offer made to lower our rate , though . I blew it off at first because we had received a great rate anyway . After we spent one night in the room , we were both miserable and grumpy with each other . The queen bed was just way too tiny after being used to a King at home , and the room itself was also incredibly small . The bathroom was hardly big enough to turn around in . And our view ? Construction and another apartment building . I complained to a manager , who said they were completely booked so there was nothing he could do . We went back to our room , looked online , and were able to book a much nicer room beginning the next day ( we were in town for 5 nights ) . I told the manager I was going to check out the next day . He told me I 'd have to pay a $ 75 cancellation fee ! When I balked , he said he 'd have to talk to the reservation manager to get that waived , and he 'd call me in the morning . We checked out and I told the woman at the front desk that I did not want to be charged the fee . She said ok , and did n't charge me . So , this was the only positive part of the experience . The reservation manager never called me . Aside from all this , I still would n't have liked this place - the neighborhood is really sketchy , even though there 's a bunch of nice restaurants . We got asked for money every time we walked out of the hotel . As a side note , the Silver Cloud Inn at Lake Union was amazing , for the same price ( large suite , free breakfast , free wifi ) .
Nice Room . The Silver Cloud Lake Union is a nice hotel . The room was spacious and comfortable . Nice amenities ( refrigerator , microwave , wet bar , coffee pot ) . Nicely decorated , a good - sized bathroom , everything was clean and well kept . The bed was very comfortable . The rate was a bit high but this is Seattle . If you need to stay in the Lake Union area I would recommend this hotel .
way cool watertown ! my husband and i stayed at the watertown 2 nights and absolutely loved it ! our room was immaculate and hip decor . we felt very safe with the room key use in the elevator and parking below was perfect . hubby loved the high speed internet and i had fun with the spa cart . . . . . it did n't all work perfect but was free so no biggy . room even had free microwave popcorn - yum . the shuttle service was great for going downtown ; saved us from parking and getting lost . plenty of restaurants and espresso within walking distance and trader joe 's right up the street . we enjoyed walking around all the funky shops a couple blocks away on ' the ave ' . free breakfast was good and convenient . all the staff were very nice and professional , although did have 2 phone calls not returned . our room was quiet , a / c worked great and the bed was beyond comfortable ! loved the aveda products . check in and out was quick . just ca n't say enough good things about watertown and we really hope to stay again next year !
Not worth the ratrings . We had issues with the cleanliness of the room and helpfulness of the front desk . We had a package that included breakfast . We had to ask several times for our voucher for our second day , the first day voucher was delivered to our room shortly after we checked in . The bathrooms are really small . I mean really small . Beds are very comfortable however and the adjacent restaurant Lolas is very good .
below expectations . There is nothing really seriously wrong with the hotel , but it just does n't have any wow factor . Positives : Location is great for exploring the city ( sight seeing , shopping , restaurants / clubs / bars ) , concierge was helpful . Deluxe room was big with a good view ( 18th floor ) . Negatives : Decor is very plain , nothing special , worn out . Instead of duvet there a blanket placed between two sheets , swimming pool is very very small but also very very dirty , staff at reception desk does n't seem to be happy to work there so you also do n't get any feeling you came to a good place Regarding the price we were paying ( from 200 to 260USD per night ) we expected a bit more . Did n't get it . . .
Great place . Great for the money . Starbucks attached , Internet in lobby , Walking distance to Market , etc . Paid about 150 after taxes per night , and thought it was well spent . Would recommend anyone to stay there .
Excellent hotel at a great price . Living in Washington , we have taken several long weekend trips to Seattle over the years , always staying in a convenient , but pricey , downtown hotel . This year we decided to try something new , and decided on the Silver Cloud based on the positive reviews on this site . And boy are we glad ! While it may not have the glitz and glamour of a 5 star downtown location , it has friendly employees and very nice rooms for around $ 100 . . . . which is one - half to one - third of what you will pay downtown . We found the cheapest rates from their website ( $ 109 / night for a king suite ) . Parking is free in their attached garage , which eliminates the fear of leaving your vehicle unattended in Seattle . However , be warned in advance that , like most Seattle parking , spaces are somewhat tight and narrow . We found the upper parking floor to be less crowded and since it has elevator access directly to your room 's floor , it is actually more convenient than parking on the first floor . We were pleasantly surprised at how nice the rooms were . Despite being located literally next to the elevator , we did n't hear traffic in the halls or hear anything out of the nearby rooms . The free breakfast is a treat compared to many I 've been to at other hotels . Fruit , cereal and oatmeal , bagels and breads to toast , many different muffins and sweet rolls , even hard boiled eggs and cheese . Also do - it - yourself waffles , although the line for those was so long I did n't get to try them . As others have mentioned , the breakfast is a popular feature and gets very crowded , so try and get there early to get a table . The pool and hot tub are very nice and warm , but can get crowded . They are open 24 hours , so you can avoid crowds if you go during non - peak times . Wanting to visit several different attractions in different areas , we did n't take advantage of the free shuttle , but saw a lot of folks that did . Given the high cost of parking in Seattle , this is a wonderful feature . Several nice restaurants are nearby , easily within walking distance unless it is raining or you do n't like to walk . A tip - Dukes Chowder House is nearby , and if you sign up for their email list they will send you a buy - one - get - one - free dinner meal . There is even a nice little playground near these restaurants , in the marina area , which was a nice treat for our children . And we enjoyed watching the seaplanes taking off and landing . And admiring the expensive yachts moored there . We had a great time , and plan on using the Silver Cloud Lake Union as our new homebase whenever we visit Seattle !
great priceline rate and large room . We live in a Seattle suburb and wanted to stay downtown for a wedding . I selected a 4 star in downtown Seattle on priceline for $ 99 . The reservation was accurate and there were no problems at check in . We were given a king bed in the old tower . The room was large with a comfortable bed . However , under the duvet was a traditional old blanket . Who knows when it was last washed . . . I was surprised to see that in such a high end chain hotel . The other motel like feature were thin and rough towels . Valet parking was $ 35 and wired internet was $ 10 .
Relaxing Stay in a Great Location . The Sheraton Hotel is in a prime location in the heart of downtown Seattle . It is so convenient for shopping and an easy stroll away from the Pike Place Market . I have stayed at the hotel many times and the staff have always been professional and courteous . The opening of the new Pine Street tower and completion of the lobby renovations have added to the attractiveness of the hotel . The room decor is very comfortable and furnishings are well thought out . I really liked the new Bliss Mandarin Mint bath products .
Great Hotel . My wife and I stayed at the W for 3 nights in June . I was very happy with the hotel , and we had a great time there . The staff was very nice and accommodating , and the room was very comfortable and modern . As usually , the W beds are awesome . The room also had a flat screen tv , a DVD player , and an ipod radio / clock . The bathroom was also comfortable , and they provide Bliss products . My only complaint was that one of our neighbors ordered room service , and the try say outside their room all day . Oh , and the hallways are unnecessarily dark , although that 's not really a big deal . I think they 're trying to be swanky , but whatever . The hotel is also in a great location . We walked to a Mariner 's game our first night , and its also close to most of the shopping , restaurants and bars . We had dinner at Union and Crush while we were there . Union was very good and is only a short walk from the hotel . Crush was about a $ 12 cab ride away , but it was well worth it . I love food , and my meal at Crush was definitely one of the better meals that I 've ever had .
Think twice before booking this hotel . As a Starwood Corporate Preferred Guest , I did not feel welcomed or appreciated at this hotel . Plain and simple ! This was my first stay at a W Hotel and the first time that a Starwood property has not exceeded my expectations . There is a prevailing arrogant attitude and lack of emotion among the majority of the staff ; however , Christine in the restaurant is an exception to this prevalent culture . She has a wonderful smile and disposition along with a polished professional manner . It is unfortunate that the other staff members have not learned from her . Upon arrival at the hotel , the music was so loud you could barely hear the apathetic Front Desk Clerk . The DVD in our guestroom was inoperable and had to be replaced . One evening , during our stay , we went to the lounge to purchase a drink to take to the room . The hostess did not know how process a room charge . Although we were eventually successful in getting our drinks and taking them to the room , the glasses were never removed from the room during our entire stay . One morning at breakfast , we reported , twice , that the lobby / restaurant men 's room was is disarray and needed attention . It was never attended to during our meal . The whatever . . . whenever ( concierge ) desk is a joke . One evening , at approximately 11 - 11:30 p . m . , we asked Adam if he could recommend a restaurant in the area that serves breakfast items . He relied that all the restaurants in the vicinity were serving dinner and that in my 6 years here , I have never had anyone ask for breakfast at this hour . He eventually called the kitchen to see if they could prepare breakfast at that hour . After asking what we wanted , we said just a couple of ham and cheese omelets . Adam told us it would take an hour . The incident let us know that we were imposing and it was an imposition on everyone involved . Heidi and the others at the desk were not much better . To be quite honest , we ended up using the concierge desk at the Fairmont across the street . There , William truly made us feel welcome and wanted us to experience the best that Seattle had to offer . The evening prior to check out , I enquired at the desk regarding utilizing some of my SPG points toward my stay . The clerk told me that it would need to be done at check out . The next morning as I was settling my account , I spoke to Jeff regarding my desire to apply some of my points . He stated that my account was already settled and who told me that my points could be applied at checkout . After explaining that that I was informed the previous evening by one of the clerks on duty , he stated that he would have to call Starwood to see about getting the points applied to my stay . After it was processed . . . no smile . . . no thank you for staying with us . . . just " there you go " . Although the location is EXCELLENT , think twice prior to booking this hotel ! ( I wish I had . )
Do n't Give Them a Chance to Ruin Your Vacation . The location of this hotel is great . That 's it . If you simply need a room , you can get something just as nice , for less , elsewhere . If you will need any kind of service : help getting cabs , dinner reservations , laundry , renting bicycles , storing your bags or even someone to hold the door as you struggle with your luggage , do not choose the W Seattle . We stayed for the Fourth of July weekend . We waited to talk to the concierege 3 times . Each time it took fifteen minutes for anyone to help us , and each time , the person in that position began his reponse by asking if we were sure we wanted him to check on our requests . For instance , I requested the conierge make an arrangement with a taxi for the end of our dinner . We were headed to the space needle afterwards . His response was well , I do n't think you 'll be able to get a cab tonight . It 's really busy . Are you sure you want me to call ? You should probably try calling them yourselves . We had already called , and I do n't fault the guy for failing ( although , having bus schedules on hand seems like a prudent alternative ) , but of course I want him to call ! I just waited 15 minutes to see if the W name would help us at all . We cut our losses when we tried to rent bikes . After waiting 15 minutes , we were n't even the second group in line . Calling from the room did little good either . Another time , I watched the concierge tell a woman that there was nowhere she could dine on the Fourth of July . Afterwards , I pulled her aside and gave her the list of places I had found on my own ( I spent no more than 20 minutes on this research ) . I had already called the places , and all said they were slow for the Fourth and thus had plenty of room . Bear in mind that I had never even been to Seattle before that weekend . In fact , at the time of the conversation , I had barely been there 24 hours . I also have to mention that I did all of this research through my mobile phone because the W Seattle does not provide free WiFi . They do n't want to help you find anything , and they do n't want you to find it on your own either . It 's like a casino where everything is designed to keep you within the establishment . We had to hail our own cabs right outside the hotel , and on our last day , as we were leaving , the doormen were too busy talking to one another to help me when I tripped going out the door . It was absurd . I feel it would be diffiult to reach this level of incompetence without some intentional effort . These people have forgotten that they are a part of someone else 's rare and hard - earned vacation . Do n't give them a chance to ruin yours . I hear the food is good , but the service was so bad , I had no desire to stay in the hotel and try it .
Nice place , good staff , clean and good location . I used Priceline Name your own price and got a room for a 2 night stay for $ 101 a night . When I got there it was about noon and I had to wait until after 2:30 to check in but they held our bags for us we just went out and grabbed some lunch . There was a little bit if a mix - up regarding my request for a king size bed but the management ended up upgrading me to a corner room ( larger room , HDTV , king bed ) and did n't charge us . We also asked to be put in the new tower , as recommended by other people here . It was nice but we explored the older tower and it was nice too . My only complaint about the new tower is that the pool / spa / workout area is located on top of the OLD tower and you have to go through the lobby to get to it . If we knew that then we would of been happy to have a room in the old tower . Free wifi in the lobby but you have to pay for it in the room . A GREAT room safe ! I have a larger laptop and this is the first hotel that it could be locked up with room to spare . The staff was professional and polite , and they actually knew the answers to any questions I asked . The place was spotless , even with a convention going on . We asked for robes and they happily supplied 2 nice comfy ones . . . no charge . My only minuses were the bed was a little hard ( but still comfy ) and the additional fees for the little things . . . which is typical of the hotels in Seattle anyway . Parking was $ 35 a day and in - room internet was $ 11 a day . Otherwise : nice size rooms , good security , friendly staff , clean , and the employees were professional and friendly . If you are flying in I would suggest not renting a car as down Seattle can get crazy parking is expensive . This hotel was within walking distance to most attractions ( the Space Needle has a monorail a couple of blocks away ) and I would be happy to stay there again . A cab from / to the airport is about $ 30 . They have a generic shuttle that runs through a string of different hotels for $ 18 round trip pp .
Consistent but Overrated . I decided to try this on a recent combo trip up to Seattle for business and to see friends . Since it was " highly " rated by TripAdvisor Contributors I decided to give it a go . I have to say I was a " little disappointed " from what I was expecting for a Grand Hyatt ( their flagship property ) . By no means is this a " bad choice " so do n't get me wrong , it really just depends on your likes and dislikes . Here is a summary of my experience and my opinion on this property : Location - I give it a 50 / 50 . Yes , you are semi - in the heart of downtown Seattle ( but on the edge , close to the freeway ) . You are near shopping , businesses and the convention center BUT you are also close to the freeway so many of the rooms have " freeway view " . My room / suite actually had a combo - freeway / water view ( peek - a - boo on the water side ) . . . Ihonestly expected more water and less freeway for what I was paying . Now , you do n't really hear the freeway too much but you do get to look at it depending on where your room is . For a comparable price , there are several hotels in the area with much better views that are much closer to the water and sites . Charm ? There is not much " charm " to this hotel but I do n't know that is the objective either . It 's fairly corporate with clean lines but so many properties in downtown Seattle have special touches like wine tasting in the lobby , fireplaces in room , etc . where they really make it feel special ( think the Monaco , or Mayflower or Vintage Park , etc . ) . Food - Well yes there is a Ruth Chris on property but while that is a nice high end place , it 's a chain . Give me something with true " Seattle " personality . Seattle is such a " foodie " town , I can go to Ruth Chris in any major city in the U . S . Rooms - The best part is the bathroom in my opinion hand 's down . Spacious , modern , clean , etc . Sure that 's great , but how much are you really in there ? The bedrooms while fairly standard for Hyatt and most the chains these days ( comfortable beds , flatscreens , etc . ) the furniture was a little worn . Some of my furniture had lots of nicks and scrapes . Additionally the attractive leather chair at the desk was not adjustable nor that comfortbale so I could not really utilize the desk in comfort as I could with an ergonomic chair many hotels provide these days . The bedroom portion of the room itself reminded me a bit of the size you find in NYC at a " W " or something similar . There is not much area between the bed and wall / dressers so if two of you are trying to pass to get to the door or bath at the same time , it will be tight . Realistically that is not untypical for an urban hotel but in many of the Seattle downtown properties , they appear to be a bit more generous in the size of the bedroom itself ( in this case , a decent amount of square footage goes to the bathroom ) . Perhaps it was just the layout or usage of the square footage but I was not that excited about it . Gym - Well I am always fairly happy with the Hyatt facilities for their gym and one of the reasons I come back . Maintaining a workout on the road is important to me and they are always well equipped , clean and spacious and are more like a real " gym " than just a small " fitness room " that many properties offer . All that being said , I probably wo n't come back to this particular Hyatt . I think Seattle has a lot more " interesting " properties in this price range and location with special touches you just do n't get at the larger corporate chains . Ahhh . . . . consistent but boring .
Worst Hotel Ever ! ! ! We stayed at the Warwick for a night in October . Our original room reeked of smoke and so we were downgraded ( they said that at the front desk ) to the 6th floor . Our room was small and poorly furnished and stocked ( no microwave , fridge etc . ) . They charged us more than the quoted price , but the confirmation email I received only contained the confirmation # , not the price , so we have been fighting this for 7 days now . To top it all off , we were charged for 2 nights ! $ 487.51 total - - it is not worth the money at ALL . We 've been calling the hotel nightly and every employee we speak to is unable to fix the problem ; we 've been getting passed from manager to manager and department to department and we have to repeat our story and prove ourselves over and over again , despite being promised that it will be fixed immediately - - I promise . This is , by far , the worst customer service experiences we 've EVER had .
AMAZING ! ! ! Hands down the best hotel in Seattle Location - Central downtown . Price - Reasonable for the quality of the hotel . Rooms - Huge bathrooms are the highlight but everything is brand new . Service - Great What it lacks - no pool . Overall - The Grand Hyatt is amazing and the only place I 'd stay in Seattle .
Nice view , Nice accomodations . Having never been to Seattle , I am pleased with the Warwick and my stay there . The staff was amicable and fast - - there were always at least 3 people at the front desk . The lobby also has a nice lounge area with a fireplace . They also have a business center with 2 computers with internet access and a printer ( free use of all when I was there ) . My only complaint is the jaccuzi was out of service and being worked on in the pool area ( which is in the basement ) , and the construction zone atmosphere down there was unpleasant . Room service and the food was excellent and fast . If you book a room , ask for a space needle view - - I stayed on the 6th floor in a corner room and had a nice view . Plus , it was fairly quiet and I never heard noise ( i . e . someone else 's loud TV ) except for the occasional bus route on the street below . If you do n't mind walking , you are only a couple blocks from Westlake shopping center and a few blocks from Pike 's Marketplace . Across the street is a gourmet market - - Ralph ' s - - that stays open ' till midnight , and a bakery called Dahlia ' s - - known for their coconut cream pie . And best of all , I booked this room on Expedia for a mere $ 105 / night . You wo n't be smack in the center of everything , but a little walking will get you to the main tourist spots . I felt relaxed and comfortable there - - I recommend it .
Close and Yet So Far . My boyfriend and I attended the Penny Arcade Expo in the Wash . State Convention Center this summer , and the Sheraton was in the best possible location . This was one of its sole redeeming factors . While the room was spacious , and the furniture was beautiful and well - made , the linens were of the cheapest quality . The towels were thin and scratchy ; there were no robes . Our pillowcases were stained , and the room had not been very thoroughly cleaned . We were paying nearly three hundred dollars a night and had booked the room for four straight nights . We considered this cost , though fairly staggering for us , to be worth it . However , when we got there , we were constantly nickel - and - dimed . Over thirty dollars a day for parking . What respectable hotel , especially one with such expensive rooms , would have the gall to also charge lodging for their guests ' cars ? For what we paid for those rooms , they should have been courteous enough not to ream us on parking . Added to that were the $ 10 / day charge for internet , which I could have gotten for free at just about any coffee shop , and the pay - per - view movies which cost between $ 10 and $ 15 dollars each . I understand that these are luxury services and that some fees usually apply , but the blatant avarice of the Sheraton on such matters when they were clearly not hurting for revenue was just appalling . Besides their convenient location , I would mention that the attentiveness , friendliness , and efficiency of the staff with whom we interacted were consistently excellent , and it is this , more than anything , that prompts me to give more than one star . The parking attendants in particular were very helpful with allowing us access to the garage if we needed to get to the car , but were n't going anywhere in it . I recommend this hotel only if you do n't mind blithely throwing money around , and if you bring your own towels . Next year , we are trying somewhere else .
Met Our Expectations . Centrally located hotel is a few blocks from the water and from popular nightlife and shopping options in Belltown and downtown . I would classify this property as a three star location . We paid a wedding rate so I am not sure how it fares from a value proposition . The room was spacious although a little outdated . Perhaps some rooms have decent views but we were on a lower floor with a drab panaroma of the parking lot and some other buildings . There is an adequate fitness center , sauna and pool in the basement and a quaint bar / restaurant attached to the hotel . Parking at $ 30 per day is an outrage but possibly standard for downtown ( you can find street parking on the weekend to save a few dollars ) . I would be willing to stay here again the future if the price was significantly lower than the nearby four - star competition .
new york , ny . the food was fantastic , the staff very helpful only complaint I asqued for two beds and got one and my view was the wall to the parking lot . P.S. this complaint has nothing to do with the hotel only the neighborhood , I 'm from new york and I 'm used to deal with every nationality but I had the desplausure of meating ( not all ) but the most racist people in my life
Good place to stay . View from the room ( 14th floor )
Good value short stay . Stayed here for two nights in January with our teenage children . I think they did a fantastic job considering Sydney and this hotel was packed with England cricket fans . Staff were friendly and helpful . The cheaper restaurant downstairs was great for children , if a little lively . The room was perfect for what we wanted ; two queen beds and coffee - making area . It was clean , modern and in a great location . What more could you want ?
Stolen mobile phone . Many people will continue to stay at this hotel because of its convenient location and cheap price , however if you can possibly avoid it please pay a bit more and stay at a nicer hotel . As an experienced traveller i chose this hotel for its location and based on stays in TL in Melbourne . Upon arrival the reception staff were unable to find my booking ( which i made on expedia ) and told me that they had no rooms available even though I had confirmation from Expedia . They then managed to find the booking but however had only 1 room left which was a smoking room and with twin beds . . The room is dark and on the second day a mobile phone which was inside a suitcase but unfortunately unlocked went missing . . . All in all not the best of experiences and if you do choose to stay here then take your chances and make sure you take all your belongings with you .
Room fine . . neighbours not ! Overall a good no frill hotel . Clean room and bathroom . Staff very pleasant and helpful . Location great , near Hyde Park and Oxford Street . Not that far to walk to any other attractions . My only misfortune was that an american teenage convention also stayed at this hotel at the same time . This meant lots of door slamming , excited high pitched voices , noise through the walls etc . However , I have stayed before and it was fine . Teenagers just being teenagers , but at 2am . . . . i prefer to be asleep and not woken up by excited loud teenagers .
Good location . We booked for one night as we were flying out of Sydney the next morning . Whenen we arrived at the hotel , we were told that we were upgraded to a suite from the standard room we had booked for one night . The hotel is currently undergoing remodeling , and we found that it was either directly above to next door to the upgraded room we were put in . Starting around 8am , the drills started and it was incredibly disturbing . I suppose for the majority of tourists who are out an about during the day , it 's not a problem , but we were sleeping in to catch a mid afternoon flight and were unable to sleep through the noise . Additionally , our room appeared to be through some remodeling with new carpet ( but missing molding on the walls ) , and a new bathroom with separate shower from tub , and a very large living / work space with internet access ( around $ 0 . 55 per minute ) . There was a mid afternoon heavy rainstorm and we found one of the windows failed to have proper seals and water came into the room . It was n't enough to flood , however , it probably damaged their walls . The location of the hotel is okay , right in Darling Harbour and in Chinatown , and close to the train station . One of the hotel restaurant / pub is currently undergoing renovation , and so there was one restaurant open and the menu looked okay though it was a bit pricey ( but we found all hotel restaurant food to be pricey on our trip ) . We did n't have a problem with the service of staff , and check in / out was fairly easy .
Close to all , but Close to everything , but dated , restaurant was small , food boring . Had a two singles room , room was small , beds were tiny . Bit pissed off that internet is $ 25 for a day ! US hotels are free . The bar / food place was bigger , nicer food .
nice hotel in perfect location . very nice hotel , new and well located . just dont expect high end luxury . we stopped here 3 days with my wife after a china business trip . stay in sydney was perfect and hotel enviroment and location helped ( met k . kwong at her restaurant , 15 minutes taxi from hotel ) loved the room and the bath , window connected liked buffet breakfast included in room rate
expensive for what it is but great location . Graet loaction right round the corner from Circular Quay where you catch ferries to all the main attractions , wlaking distance from the shops , Opera House , Botanical Gardens , Observatory and The Rocks . Staff completely unhelpful - trying to establish what was open over Easter weekend was a nightmare and they gave incorrect information . Views were good from SOME rooms but do n't be fooled that you will necessarily see the Op House or Bridge unless they explicitly say so in your booking form - make sure you have it in writing . Breakfast buffet was expensive A $ 25 , but had everything you could want - fruit , hot food , pancakes , cereals , baked goods . Very comfortable beds and large bathroom .
Do n't believe what you are told . About a month ago I booked two Jamison Club rooms so that my my wife would have somewhere pleasant to stay in Sydney to celebrate her 40th birthday with her sisters . I booked 2 x twin rooms ( that is , two double beds in each room ) . Two days before the check - in date , a friendly member of the hotel staff called me to confirm my reservation of TWO JAMISON CLUB TWIN ROOMS . Also , having previously read some posts on tripadvisor regarding difficulties in obtaining parking at the hotel , I called the hotel the day before check - in to find out whether there would be any problem obtaining valet parking . I was told It wo n't be a problem at all because the hotel will be just about empty . Upon arriving at the hotel , two of the sisters that drove to the hotel were advised that valet parking was not available and that they would have to drive a block away to get parking . In addition , upon check - in , my wife was told that only one twin room was available and that the other would have to be a Deluxe King room ( 1 x king bed ) . These two significant failings are unacceptable , particularly because this hotel claims to be 5 - star . Apart from these problems , the rooms were fine and represent good value .
A fantastic budget option ! OK , I 'm getting tired of the finicky reviews for this place . This is a tourist class hotel , and a good one . It 's not a Marriott . Do n't expect posh rooms and fawning staff . You wo n't get it . You WILL get nice , clean , comfortable modern accommodations in a fantastic location . I arrived at about 11 AM , well before checkin . The desk was extremely busy , as it was almost continuously during my stay . There were people checking out as well as in . I knew checkin was n't until 2:00 , so I waited in line , gave them my info , and they gave me tags to leave my bags , which I lugged into the very crammed luggage storage area beside the desk . I asked the clerk when I could check back , and she suggested about 1 . So I wandered around and had lunch , came back a little before 1 and they had a nice room ready for me on the 18th floor ( the very top ) on the end of the hall . One queen or full bed , very modern furnishings including a small table with chairs , and a clean functional bath with a shower . Nice blue shampoo . There was also a fridge and microwave , really useful for buying cheaper soft drinks at the grocery store to keep in your room . I really liked the room 's simple , modern design . My room was also very quiet , being so high and on the end , and I never heard any neighbors . You have to use your key in the elevators to access the floors . I found NO attitude from the staff . Everyone was professional and efficient . They made shuttle reservations for me , gave me maps , whatever I asked . One time my key stopped working in the elevators and they gave me a replacement without problem and seemed appropriately concerned . The internet access in the lobby is expensive , AUS $ 6 / hour . You can get it cheaper at the internet cafe a block or two north , just to the west of Hyde Park . There 's also a video store between the hotel and Oxford St . that has it . The location is fantastic . After being in Sydney for five days , I was so glad I chose to be here rather than in the CBD where most of the hotels seem to be . There were tons of hotels and fast food on Oxford St . and other places nearby . There 's a subway station in Hyde Park , and lots of buses on Oxford and the streets by the Park . I took the train from the subway stop to Bondi Junction , then switched to a bus to go to Bondi Beach . It only took about 30 minutes . I suspect that those who do n't like this place expected a different kind of hotel . Most overseas flights arrive Sydney in the morning , and so everyone has to wait for their rooms , as this hotel stays very busy ( they were sold out my entire stay ) . There are a lot of young people and students here , so the whole place has an informal air . I ca n't explain the thefts someone else reported . If you 're worried , they probably have safe deposit boxes . ( There are no safes in the room , although the websites say they have this amenity . ) I just hid my stuff in secret pockets in my luggage , as I always do . I highly recommend this property .
Excellent stay . We booked this hotel the day before arriving not sure what to expect because the rooms were really cheap . The hotel was excellent ! The reception staff were chatty and helpful , the room was large and good sized bathroom . We had a slight problem with our TV and called reception and someone came and ficed it 5 minutes later . No complaints with this hotel ! Excellent stay and excellent location to see all of the sights in Sydney . I would 100 % stay here again .
Ca n't wait to get out ! Imagine having to remind the room service about the order after waiting for an hour , and having to wait 15 minutes for the elevators ( although there were 5 ! ) ? Well stay here if you do not mind such level of service and if you have lotsa money to burn ! I was glad I changed to another hotel midway !
Very disappointing - nothing like as expected . I have just returned from an 8 day stay at this hotel and now wish that I had taken more notice of the less flattering reviews . It was definitely unlike most of the reviews that I read and detracted from an otherwise excellent stay in the wonderful city of Sydney . It may claim to be a boutique hotel but my own experience suggested otherwise . The hotel was dated , the room unsatisfactory ; dark and the furniture both old ( but not charming ) and basic . The lighting was poor , the table - side lamps being the only source of lighting in the room . The room was also very cold . The bathroom was similarly dark and poorly lit . Both the floor and walls were made of cement , unpainted and grubby , with just the minimal amount of ( old ) carpet covering . There was also dust behind the bed . Furniture wise , there was neither a wardrobe nor a chest of drawers to keep your clothing . Instead , there was an old metal frame to hang your clothes and hardly any hangers . Due to the lack of furniture , there was nowhere to hide your cases either , so these had to be put on the floor and subsequently take up valuable space in a cramped room . There was also a lack of electrical sockets and mystifyingly , the mirror in the bedroom was not near one ! The acclaimed courtyard was no such thing . It was just a high wall , three feet of space and a pot plant ! The high wall also blocked the natural light ! Regarding the amenities , on one evening , the hotel reception area was booked for a private function , so incredibly we were unable to use the facilities at all . On a final note , other reviews suggest that the manager is ultra - friendly and helpful and nothing is too much for guests . Although absent for my entire holiday bar the final morning , upon checking out , he did not enquire whether my stay had been acceptable or enjoyable . He appeared uninterested . The young man working there during our stay was however as helpful as possible and the one plus of my stay . This hotel was disappointing and in my opinion is in need of a complete makeover and was not worth the money . It is definitely not as expected or advertised and I would not stay there again nor recommend it to others , unless you are back - packing and do n't care about your surroundings ! Simply awful !
Great Location . Great location - just one block out of Circular Quay . Walking distance to the Opera House , Sydney Harbour Bridge , and the Rocks . It was easy to find breakfast on a weekday since it was in the financial district . We walked to the Rocks most evenings for dinner . Good access to city buses and the train . The room was a good size for a city hotel but nothing spectacular to write about . The concierge was very helpful in selecting tours and restaurants . On our next visit I would probably consider staying in the Rocks - that neighborhood has much more character .
Small Room with a side view of the bridge . The room
OK , not 4 or 5 star , though Like the Jan . 1st review of the Jamison , my husband and I stayed at this hotel over NYE . It was not our first choice , but since it was NYE , other hotels required either a 6 night minimum or were just insanely expensive for the event . All right , sure the hotel has a pretty convenient location , but it is no 4 or 5 star hotel and should not advertise as such . I 'd say it 's a strong 3 1 / 2 star , but that 's about as generous as I 'm willing to be . Since we paid 5 star rates for NYE , I felt we should have experienced at least a 4 star hotel . We stayed on one of the Club Floors and had access to the club lounge , which did offer a pretty good continental breakfast and evening cocktails . I would recommend staying on the Club Floors if you choose this hotel . Buster at the concierge desk also did a great job for us with our NYE reservations . However , like other reviews have mentioned , the furnishings and linens were a little worn , and there 's no dedicated bellman outside . Also disappointing was that the supposedly cool bar and restaurant were closed during our 3 day stay , which was pretty inconvenient on new year 's day when most of the city was closed down . I 'd say that if you can get a good deal on this hotel , it 's probably just fine . Otherwise , the Four Seasons or the Shangrila are a better bet .
Excellent location and value , helpful staff . Recommended . For about Aus $ 180 a night ( about80 sterling ) the Holiday Inn , Darling Harbour is excellent value for money . It 's pretty functional , certainly not luxurious but the rooms are large , bathrooms very good and the location ( within China Town ) ideal for eating out ( the Szeuchan restaurant immediately behind the hotel is outstanding ) . Darling Harbour is a very pleasant five minute walk away . Staff could not have been more helpful , responding flexibly when our backpacking daughter arrived to stay with us . We were upgraded to a double Queen room without charge .
A handy stop over choice . Superior Twin Room
stolen handbag from room - Travelodge Hotel Sydney Wentworth Ave . We stayed here for 3 nights and had our handbag stolen from inside the room . ( Nov 24th ) The swipe card was n't working and it was changed at reception early that morning . handbag is stolen in the next 3 - 4 hours . ( between 5am and 9am ) After reporting the incident to the hotel they were not very helpful except to tell us to go to the local police station to report the incident . ( Surry Hills police station . ) The hotel staff said the room must not have been locked properly but they could n't demonstrate how the door could be left unlocked without someone holding it open or placing an object between the door and the door frame . ( door is designed to close automatically due to its weight ) They wouldnt even come up to the room with us to show us how this is possible . there was even implications from staff ( not all ) members that we might have misplaced the handbag . Some staff even implied that unless we can prove it was stolen then we could just be making it up . ( BTW we had no travel insurance so we took the loss ) i asked the duty manager if this sort of thing has happened before at this hotel . He replied he was not authorised to comment on that . ( what does that mean ? ? ? ) We reported it to the poilce but they were no help . They just gave us a police report number and told us they were quite busy and could n't come to the hotel . We hope it was n't an inside job but we had no help from the hotel to explain how anyone can get access to inside a locked room . We were very disappointed with the unwillingness of staff to investigate the stolen handbag and explain to us how a handbag can be stolen from inside a locked room . the security at this hotel is very poor . there is no security cameras on the floors , card access to the elevator is possible to all floors and not restricted to just ones own room floor . there is one security camera at the front entrance and they were not going to review the footage anyway . it would be possible for anyone to walk in and ride the elevator to any floor they desire . but how anyone can get access to a locked room is what has me most worried . we advise people to be cautious when staying here and when things go bad you will not get too much help . only sharing these experiences will hopefully force hotels like this to upgrade security and also to not brush off incidences like this . i hope no one has to go through the nightmare we had to go through which included organising a new passport and cancelling credit cards . i know that these things do happen but the way the staff handled this situation and their attitude and unwillingness to help is what really left a bad impression and disappointed uswe can provide the room number where the thief stole the handbag from on request
greta location . Great location close to public transport and chinatown . Hotel is called darling harbour but is a good 15min walk to the harbour . Modern rooms with clean bathroom . Staff was average . Did not eat at restaurants . Parking Parking was expensive at $ 25 / day . Paid $ 100 / night on priceline and got exactly what i paid for . no dispaointments there .
Just do n't expect too much . Right , it seems safe to assume that if you are looking at a review of this hotel you are looking for budget accommodation in Sydney that is clean , safe and near to the heart of things ? Does the Travelodge fit the bill ? Well , maybe . Be under no illusions , this is not a hotel in the normal sense . In truth it is a safe place to sleep , wash and really little more . Apart from the breakfast there are no restaurant facilities . Speaking of breakfast , do yourself a favour and eat somewhere in town as the breakfast here is not really worth the money . Cereals , fruit juice , ham , cheese and some sterile mhot items make up the list but they do n't amount to much , so if you can eat elsewhere . The reception staff are by and large frazzled and really do't mind much if you stay or not . It is like a low cost airline , another punter will be along soon , so perhaps because they are so busy they have no real interest in you . When I booked onnthe hotel website I asked if I could be given an early check in as I was coming on a flight from the UK . When I arrived we were told check - in was 2pm and no room coulod be released until then . OK perhaps they were full , but the provision of shower facilities might have been considered as I suspect that many guests arrive after long travel . The room was a good size and almost acceptably clean . The wall in the bathroom had stains on it and this could and should have been cleaned . This was a minor issue and for the money I thought the room was actually quite good . Although some people have said the rooms can be noisey , I heard nothing at all . Yes the hotel can be over - run with school kids , but what do you expect , it 's that kind of place . To be honest you can get noisy guests in the most expensive hotels . I thought the area around the hotel was very uninspiring and there were no real restaurants worth speaking of . Take a 10 dollar taxi ride to the Sydney Harbour area or to downtown and you will get your fill of restaurants . Walking to downtown will take about 30 minutes so factor that in when deciding where to stayIn short , the Travelodge is basic so expect no frills . the breakfast is expensive and not worth it and there is no restaurant . However if you get the price right and want clean and warm accommodation then this might be the place for you . One last point , they do have a very security conscious left luggage facility , especially if you have a laptop computer - full marks on that regard . 5 star it isn ' t , basic but acceptable it is . Pay your money and make your choice , the Travelodge is proof that you do get what you pay for .
Nice location and proximity to Darling Harbour . For our 5 night stay , we have asked for a so called Superior Harbour View room ? ( non - smoking , at a higher level ) . On checking , the initial room ( 3 beds , although asked for twin beds , and not cleaned , and the room at low level only , etc . ) itself had practically no harbour view - only that of the Aquarium roof and main road below . We refused to take this room - and finally ( waiting patiently over three hours ) we have got a nicer room and also situated at a higher level , as booked . The best asset of this hotel is its location , its proximity to Darling Harbour and nearby shopping malls , but the hotel is somewhat ' tired ' in decor and outfit . The windows are sound - proof ( mainly in view of the traffic of some importance ) , and the beds are good . The internet ( wireless ) at the lobby is properly working and free of charge ( the broadband access in rooms is too expensive ) . Difficult to say if we would stay there again . Maybe we shall try next time another hotel ( the Darling Harbour view is ' nice to have ' but not a ' must ' ) . From our understanding , there might be other options in the inner city ( and less expensive ones ) .
Relaxed stay . We stayed for one night over the long weekend and had a good experience . We also arrived early , and they tried to get us straight into the room but unfortunately it was unavailable ( we had n't expected it to be available ! ) But they checked us in , took our bags , and when we came back after hours of sightseeing we picked up our key and our bags were in our room - all very easy . The room was nicely fitted out , hotel lobby was very impressive , serivce across the board was good and helpful . Hotel is also in a great location . Only minor downside was drinks in the Level 1 bar on the Sunday night - I just dont think they had anticipated the crowds on a Sunday night of a long weekend , and they were woefully understaffed , which led to the staff being stressed , spilling drinks because they were trying to rush , etc . But it was understanable ! The drink prices were extortionist , but that is what you get in a hotel bar . We booked direct on the hotel website for $ 250 , and I thought it was good value .
Sheraton ' Lite ' . A disappointing end to our great trip to Australia - this is a very big and impersonal hotel - full of Asian Tour Groups and a convention when we stayed . They kept asking whether we were with the convention at every restaurant and breakfast service was very slow and ordinary . Not really a Sheraton in terms of standards and the staff very rude and unhelpful .
Beware : Summertime is teen tour group time . If you 're looking for a peaceful few nights in Sydney , look somewhere else . There are large ( 40 ) teenage tour groups always coming and going . You will wait for an elevator , you will wait for breakfast , you will be bombarded with constant rumblings from typical teenagers . If this does n't bother you , you might like the place . It was clean , the shower was fine and its in an ok location .
Very good service and location . Enjoyed it very much . It is now the Amora but being my first visit I can not compare to past owners , Rydges . It lived up to expectations and being a business traveler , it was quite perfect in location as I choose to take the train often to see customers . As the station is virtually under this building how could I complain . Stayed total of 5 nights under 2 separate stays as I went to Adelaide . I left my large suitcase here and took train to airport with small bag . Morning train rides take me to the food court / cafes that encircle this building and are found in the station tunnel . This means I have not eaten breakfast in the hotel although it is pricey by ckg the room service menu . So I saved a lot by getting a ' brekkie ' in the food court . Location : seems just perfectly situated between Circ Quay , Darling Harbour and Rocks ; just excellent . 8th floor room 818 , has partial park view of area leading to Harbor bridge , otherwise I got the building across the way . Ask for view of Wynyard park , very pleasant . Concierge : I used them a lot for directions and they are quite friendly and young so it gives a nice youthful feel to the place . Stylish : yes , enjoyed the room decor and art decoish , BW tiled bath . Lobby is spacious enough without being overwhelmed ; waiting area by windows and sidewalk with newspapers , comfy chairs , in sunken floor . Nice touch . Apples also avail in bowl by reception . Room : on the small side but I got a single on the short side of the building ; floor map shows most other rooms are larger / longer than mine . Not a big deal . Internet is costly $ 25 / day or $ 50 per week . Bed is most important and a good shower and they scored very well . Amenities are good quality . Summary : for me it was very good and good value as I got travel industry rate . I liked it a lot although I am not raving since I have come from 2 weeks around Asia where service is in the blood and 4 - 5 star hotels are truly exceptional . Would def stay again but I usually like to try different things ; it is just me . I went to The Four Seasons and paid double of this one last Feb . and it is not twice as good .
Location , Location , Location . The hotel was fantasically placed being preety much smack bang in the middle of Sydney . The room was fantastic with everything you could wish for . Huge wardrobes , tv , mini bar , deluxe bathroom . Everything was fantastic . Just make sure that the fire alarm does n't go off when your on the 23rd floor as it 's a long way down . On a plus side , the restuarant was awesome and the food was brilliant .
No Reward points . This is a terrible hotel . The charges that they charge on your bill , you have to scrutinizes it carefully because it does n't tally at all ! The worst thing is about the rewards points . If you are staying there with a third party paying you , I would suggest you to stay in other hotels like Radisson . Marriot do n't give rewards points iof it is paid by 3rd party . This is very frustrating because I choose Marriot as I though I could be rewarded . In fact I have colleagues staying in Radisson and they ware rewarded with points . I would never ask my agent to book this hotel again as this is a ' nothing ' great hotel plus the services is not good either .
Great location for everything . Bedroom
Dissapointing . We arrived to find their carpark full and no valet service available and was told to park the car in a carpark under another hotel . This inconvenience was soon forgotten when we got to our Deluxe room we booked through [ - - - - ] . The room was clean , spacious and very large with a beautiful bathroom with a deep hot tub , we even had our own little balcony . As per other reviews , you are surrounded by buildingsbut at least we had glimpses of the approaches to the Harbour Bridge . The hot Buffet breakfast was excellent and the staff were very friendly . The pool was OK and the gym reasonably well appointed . I suppose the only letdown was when I had to pickup the car . Being from out of town and booked in for a knee op I had to walk for about 2kms in old railway tunnels which form the Wynyard Carpark to pick up my car then it took me half a our more to finally get back to my wife to pick her up in the Amora foyer . Not happy . I saw most people arrive at the hotel in cabs so how can their carpark be full ? ? Sadly we wo n't be going back and left quite stressed . Sad because its actually one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in in Sydney with exception of the Mecure .
A disgrace . I stayed in this hotel when it was the Regent on several occasions , and universally enjoyed the experience . I gather that FS are planning on upgrading the property ( I stayed with my wife in June 2006 ) but at last years visit , the place was dreadful . The room was expensive even by Sydney standards , and the room itself was old , badly in need of updating and impersonal . The hotel was filled with conference attendees . They held meetings all over the place in common areas , the staff did nothing to stop this . This alone made the stay dreadful . The restaurant service was shocking , understaffed , meals left on tables well after guests had gone Not up to four seasons standards . Great position , but there are so many great hotels in Sydney that I will not stay here again until it is taken to with a broom .
New renovated , cheap hotel in Sydney . We stayed here for 5 days in october 2007 . It was a perfect choise . The rooms where beautiful , new renovated and fresh and the staff was very servicemined and nice . The hotel is close to all shopping , restaurants and to the train station . The hotel was very fresh and felt very new . This hotel is perfect for every trourist ! ! !
Fantastic ! I stayed at this motel for two nights last week , and found it to be fantastic value for money . Staff were friendly , facilities were great , the motel was modern and clean , and my room was spacious , clean , modern , with everything I could possibly need . I will be returning to this motel in the near future , and would recommend it to anyone else . Absolutely brilliant value for money !
Would n't return , beds are very hard ! The swissotel has to be the best location for those of us who love to shop and for that the hotel scores great marks , however when staying in a hotel I would expect to be pampered or at the very least not longing to return to my own bed . This is exactly what I was doing at 2am when I could n't sleep because the beds are so hard I would have been more comfortable on the carpet . The bathrooms look lovely but at a second glance the floors look like they need a good scrub . The staff were lovely but I would n't consider returning .
The worst hotel I have ever stayed at . . . . This has to be the worst hotel in Sydney . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Rooms are tiny and look nothing like the photos on the website . My husband and I tried to have a romantic weekend together there and booked a suite . The suite had horribly old carpet , and a horribly old smell to go with it , and the view was of a brick wall . So we moved - to a higher floor - and it was a shoebox . The pool area was very average . They staff were rude . We checked out after one night and went home . We 've stayed at the Westin in Sydney many times before that and many times since and that is by far and away a superior hotel . We have stayed at the FS Los Angeles ( South Doheny Drive ) , FS Maldives at Kuda Huraa , FS Bahamas , FS Jackson Hole , FS Arizona and FS Whistler , and I was shocked at truly how appalling this hotel really was . It is the old Regent Hotel ( which it was prior to FS purchasing the property ) and it has not been updated since the 80 ' s . I can understand a hotel not being updated , however , this needs to be reflected accurately in photos and the price needs to reflect this also .
Very business oriented . We stayed here over the new year 's break and although hotel was very clean , comfortable and centrally located , we felt that it was very business oriented ( even though everyone who stayed there were probably on holiday during that period of time ) . it was very centrally located though , and that was very useful for us as tourists . The price was ok for the peak period - however if I had to do it again , I 'd probably start booking for a hotel much earlier and chosen a different hotel .
Excellent value . Having read mixed reviews for this hotel , we were very pleasantly surprised by the superb location and comfort of the Travelodge . It is twenty minutes brisk walk from the Opera House , and you can walk via Hyde Park and the Botanical Gardens without hardly touching the city itself in one direction , and fifteen minutes to Darling Harbour in the other . Both destinations are beathtaking with plenty of things to do and see . We stayed a total of fifteen nights with an ' Autumn Special ' rate of 99 dollars a night , and we would have stayed longer if it had been possible . The staff were always helpful , the rooms clean , very comfortable , well made - up each day , with good showers , coffee making facilities and microwave , ironing facilities and laundries on two or three of the eighteen floors . This is a popular hotel and hence there are often groups arriving or departing from the reception area . Broadband was expensive for one hour ( 10 Au dollars ) but only 20 dollars for 24 hours over 90 days . This was far more than we needed but very handy to have if you take your own laptop . There are internet PCs available also - and the broadband only works on this ground floor level . There are no restaurant facilities except for breakfast , but there is a vast range of eating places close by , with Darling Harbour offering a range of places and prices and views that would be hard to beat , especially at night . There are also pubs close by that offer bar meals and bistro options . We would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you have a modest budget and its central position would be hard to beat .
Fantastic Hotel ! Stayed at the Four Seasons in Sydney whilst getting married . Would recommend this hotel particularly for a special ocassion . We upgraded for $ 30 per night to a deluxe room which was worth it . We had already booked a full harbour view room and it was well worth the money . The staff were exceptional and even offered to open up the whole business centre floor at 3am for my partner to go on the internet ! If you can afford it stay there and even if you ca n't book the lowest rated room and upgrade on your arrival . We booked direct with the hotel which I think is better as most search engines do n't include breakfast ( which was also fab , ) and we got a $ 150 voucher for the spa included . Ca n't wait to go back .
Lovely and quiet . We spent two nights over a weekend here after making a decision to not stay in the Darling Harbour area where we have stayed many times previously . This hotel had great service , no check in or check out problems , very quiet and bright airy rooms and very pleasant and friendly , helpful and efficient staff . This is a superb location close to the city centre , minutes walk from Circular Key and The Rocks , and within easy distance of other areas if you desire . Having stayed in 10 international hotels in the last year this rates as being the equal with many others .
Great value and location . My wife and I travel to Sydney quite regularly and we always try to stay somewhere different ( the 5 star hotel options in the CBD are huge ) . The Swissotel however is such good value and has such a great location ( for shopping ) is sometimes hard to justify other hotels . On this trip we booked a 1 bedroom suite which included breakfast and drinks in the executive club . $ A314 a night gets an immaculate large room with modern fixtures ( 2 x flat screen TV , espresso machine , large bathroom ) and good executive services . Its location is perfect for shopping and it 's not far to walk to Circular Quay or the markets if required . This hotel definately does n't have the stuffy atmosphere found at many of the other local 5 star hotels and although it is n't super luxurious , it is great value for money .
Excellent Location , Worth Every Penny ! ! ! Standard Double Room
High rise version of an extended stay motel in US . Stayed from 14 - 17 Oct during my second visit to Sydney . It reminds me of an extended stay motel in US except this is a high rise version . I was on the 10th floor with a view of an office building . It is a 5 minute walk from Museum station ( Liverpool exit ) . Turn left when you exit the station . Around the corner there is a small IGA grocery store with the basics , Subway , Hungry Jack 's ( Burger King ) , and a few small coffee shops . I did not see any nicer sit down restaurants , and I noticed as many homeless panhandlers as there are in King 's Cross . I tried to use my Wyndam rewards number which works with Travelodges in US , but this one would not accept it . They have an Australian program which does me no good as a tourist . There are pay Internet kiosks for a fee in the lobby . There is an Internet Everywhere ( $ AD 2 per hour ) about a 5 minute walk away . Turn right when exiting Museum station ( Liverpool exit ) . The room was very basic . They could do a better job of cleaning the floor and carpet . I noticed long hair on the floor , on the carpet , on the bed spread , and the smell of wet dog was strong on my first few hours in the room . The matress was pretty firm because there was no box spring . The pillow were pretty flat . There is a fridge , microwave , hot water pot , plates , bowls , and utensils in the room . I would only stay here again , but only by myself . Only stayed because of the cheap price , good location , and belief that I could collect Wydham points .
Worst hotel I have EVER STAYED in in the entire world . I booked this hotel through lastminute . com . au and it was a mystery hotel . As I have previously booked using lastminute and had a pleasant experience , i was expecting to find similar quality hotels or at least a reasonable room with a reasonable shower facility . We had no HOT water ( and it was cold then in Australia ) and the room ca n't be locked from the adjoining room next door . YET , we were not able to change to another room . It was worse than the backpackers I had stayed in in remote China . The service was rude and extreme patronising especially from the duty manager . We had to wait for more than 2 hours for the hot water to come through before we could take a shower at around 2 am after we came back from visiting some mates , and was told by the duty manager very rudely the next morning that it was normal . He was extremely rude and did not trust our words nor the report of his own staff the night who filed a report . I find his manner extremely condescending towards Asians and he treated my partner better after realising he was white . I did n't expect to find racism in a hotel that services overseas clients and it was shocking the way I was treated . I will not be recommending anyone to stay there ever .
Great service and comforable room . I truly enjoy my 4 nights there . Though it is a bit pricey , it worths every penny . The room is superb . Most staff are very friendly and accommodating . I really appreciate that they allow an early checkin , which is 10am in the morning . It is so helpful to travellers who just went through a long overnight flight . I have to say that the service I got here is way better than the Peninsula in Bangkok , where the infrastructure is brilliant but the service is just average . Breakfast was included in the booking and the place is quite impressive . Pick a window seat and enjoy the lovely park view . I particularly like the abundant choices of juice . The only negative feeling is I found some Asian staff a bit cool . During my check - in the lady at the counter rarely smiled . And when I enquired my phone bill , she gave me am impatient answer . I am also an Asian and I find it very strange . After all , it is just tiny thing and I would definitely return when I visit Sydney next year .
only if you like russian roulette ! Having just returned from my third stay at the four points , I feel I should shed some light on this hotel . My first stay was appauling , went back to my room one night in tears after being treated rudely by the restaurant staff . Second stay was excellent , treated like a queen ( possibly some notes were made after my previous encounter ) . . and was happy to book again this year . It seems its 50 / 50 as to the service you get . My current stay was nothing short of 1 star . I payed a premium rate for a suite as a preferred guest . After being given a room on the second floor with unacceptable street noise , when I requested a change , I was rudely told by staff no chance . I then discovered that people who payed a substantially lower rate over the internet last minute sites were given better rooms and services , including complementary champagne . . none for those who are willing to pay it seems ! The breakfast is appauling , greasy , and of a low food standard , all frozen and prepackaged food , plus , you are packed in like sardines if you arive after 9am ! The bathroom was mouldy and the bed linen ripped and torn . No table was supplied in the room , making working or eating n the room very difficult ! ! I agree that the location is good , but for what they claim , you should expect a better level of standard service . If you are planning to stay , do n't book a premium room , and book over a last minute site like wotif , much better rates and deals are offered , and do n't pay extra for buffet breakfast ! For much the same price , you could stay at the parent property , sheraton on the park , which , despite some reviews i 've read , is far , far superior ! !
STENCH - otherwise ok . . . I stayed here in March - 08 paid $ 220 for a double room with a king bed . Good points : * Location ( if you like Darling Harbour ) . * View over harbour is lovely if you are high up enough . * Has a safe . * Walkway over the roads so which is a lot better than walking under the road when alone * Comfy bed Bad : * Location ( I prefer " The rocks " ) * The city view means you look straight into office buildings . * Weird aircon that did n't make any sense I could n't get it to do anything . * Hidden towels in the actual shower - spent ages looking for them . * The room was nothing special * The whole hotel stinks to high heaven of air - conditioner Other things I did n't like is that the restaurant is immediately inside the front door of the hotel . It did n't smell very nice either but then I did n't eat there . Very slow check in , totally lack of interest from reception . If I got a good deal I might have considered to stay there again but the stench of air - freshener gave me a pounding headache means I wo n't stay there again .
Good hotel , good location . We spent three nights in the Holiday Inn Darling Harbour and considered it a good hotel . Fair for the price . Helpful staff , clean rooms , good bar . Walking distance to Darling Harbour - through a nice park too . From here you can get a ferry to Circular Quay which is a nicer way to get around Sydney . The monorail stops right by the hotel so it is easy to get to from the centre ( by the Tower and around that area ) . We 'd stay again .
good value for money . We stayed here for 4 days on arrival in Sydney . Flight landed 6a . m . but ca n't check in till 2pm so this could be a problem for some . Luckily we could leave our cases at our son 's flat . Check in was quick and painless - had booked from the UK and no problems with this . The room was large enough , as was the bathroom , although as other people have said , the whole bathroom floor gets wet when you use the shower as it is not in a cubicle , it just has a curtain . I liked the fact that there was an iron and ironing board available in the room . Towels were changed every day even if we had not left them on the floor which was meant to be the sign that you wanted them changed . The location of the hotel was good , close to Hyde Park and a pleasant walk to the city and harbour . All in all we felt it was good value for money - a clean and comfortable place to sleep after a long day 's sigtseeing in Sydney .
Good hotel , but nothing exceptional . Sydney - room
real disappointment . I was unfortunately given a really bad room . But what happened next is the real disappointment . I immediately returned to reception to request a change . I was told no changes are allowed , even though it was 3pm , and they had rooms available . This is an unspoken policy to prevent them having to check the room is still ' saleable ' - I had n't even touched the inside of the room . I avoided creating a scene , but I am writing this review so other travellers are warned . In the end , I had a terrible night with the lift apparatus and plant room humming all night . To use an Australian expression I learned - your bad luck , mate ! My advice is ' avoid '
Nice hotel , poor service . This hotel is in a great location and the rooms are wonderful , but everything is spoilt by the attitude of many staff . On my first night , I had just arrived from overseas and needed a good sleep . However , there was a function being held below my room and the loud noise continued until well after midnight . When I rung Reception to complain , I was basically told too bad . I later spoke to security staff who had the same attitude . Obviously , the noisy function area had precedence over guests ' peace quiet . I must say however , that after writing a letter of complaint , I was actually contacted by the Manager who promised to compensate me . He did eventually , after I reminded him of his promise ! I would stay there again , but ask for a quiet room .
Excellent convenient location ! ! Average service . . . Harbour View Room
Great Locate . We recently stayed at the Swissotel Sydney and it easily has one of the best locations in the city . This is a great city to explore shopping , restaurants , and other parts of the city . For those who are foodies you will be pleased to know that their chief concierge Jason will recommend a restaurant based on his experience of going there , he avoids recommending restaurants that are touristy . My partner and I travel for food among other things both of us were concierges in the past so this was a pleasant surprised . On the last leg of our trip we stayed at another hotel Jason was still willing to help us with tours , reservations , etc . Jason the staff go above beyond . The hotel the rooms are contemporary , beds are comfortable . You should definitely consider staying here while you are in Sydney .
A great situation overlooking the harbour . A good choice if you are in Sydney for a short stay . Pay the extra for a room with views of the harbour and opera house - it is worth it . Staff very attentive . Breakfast excellent
NOT a fan of this Hotel . This hotel was VERY dissapointing . Firstly we were not informed of the hotel 's change of name and spent 15 minutes trying to locate it ! The room itself ( a large corner room ) was spacious , but filthy . Stains on the chairs , duvet cover and floor , dust on the telephone and bedside tables . The only redeeming factor was the bathroom which was superb with a big deep bath . None of our power points worked and we were told to flick the trip switch to activate the room 's electricity . Also tv and alarm clock were of a very poor standard for what promises to be a luxery hotel . The bed was not made very well - twisted sheets - what looked like a rushed job . Our bags took forever to arrive and the stink of stale smoke ( even though a non - smoking room was requested ) was disgusting . For the cost of the room ( a reduced internet rate of $ 245 ) this hotel was definitely NOT worth it . I am just glad we spent minimal time in this horrid room - only staying 1 night , opting for somewhere else the following night . I would NEVER reccommend this hotel to anyone .
Dull Dull Dull . What can I say the hotel was very very DULL indeed . Certainly not a 5* star hotel . Although the hotel has a great location - if all you want to do is shop . The hotel lacks any personality at all . In fact I would say that the hotel is missing something - it felt cold and clinical . The rooms are very clean but basic . The bathrooms are large and functional . The lack of towels ( 1 per person ) , changed under duress . The only reading matter in the room was a TV Guide - no Where magazine or map . The front desk staff where efficient - very Swiss but with little or no personality . As for the concierge every request was a chore . As we were there for a week it was a bit of a lottery which one of us asked the question - the loser had to ask . Not a hotel I would return to .
Great hotel , shame about the staff ! We stayed at the Sydney Harbour Marriott for a few days in March . Booked using Marriott reward points for 4 nights . Closer to the trip , we added an extra night but explained that we would n't be arriving until early the next morning ( landed at about 6 am and wanted to get straight into our room after the long trip from the UK ) . Got to the hotel and the fact that we had booked for one night and were only just arriving caused them no end of confusion . We had phone messages every day because they could n't find the reservation with the points on . On one occasion , they also could n't manage to switch off the message light so we had this flashing all night ( or until we unplugged the phone ) . Other than fairly useless staff , you could have been in any big chain hotel anywhere in the world . It was clean , comfortable and characterless , but we only wanted a city base so were n't bothered about that . Would n't bother paying the upgrade charge for the harbour view . I imagined a glorious view of the whole sweep of Sydney harbour with the opera house . What we got was a view of the opera house in between other tower blocks - really not worth bothering with . Did n't have brekkie included in the deal and there are loads of places you can get a good breakfast for half the price of the Marriott . Do n't bother paying for brekkie unless you really want to pig out at the buffet . I would class this as a characterless hotel , great location and okay as a central base for exploring Sydney .
Experience a True Hotel . It 's true first impression last ! ! ! Firstly , I must admit that Market St is a challenge only If you are driving , as it actualy reminded me of Asia / New York bad traffic ! ! from the moment we arrived a friendly hotel staff welcomed us with a warm smile and we were escorted to reception on the 8th floor ! ! wow what a difference from the lobby in ground level it feels that heaven opened the door for us . Reception clerk were freindly and fast . Swissotel is in the middle of the city , you can walk to the Historic Rocks for approx 15 - 20 mins , Darling Harbor 10mins and shopping is just around the corner . This hotel is a TRUE hotel so do speak , the staff are freindly and approachable specially the concierge staff who are helpfull and Mr know it ALL . Thank You Swissotel you will see us again .
Wow what location , upgrade to an opera house view room . My wife and I sateyd at the hotel in November , we upgraded to an Opera house view room which was excellent , much larger than a city view and the view we had was worth a million , can not fault it . bedroom was clean and very comfortable , bathroom large and clean . But it was the views that will leave the most endearing memories . Food was excellent . Can not recommend it enough
A good hotel let down by bad service . . . We stayed at Sheraton on the Park for three nights in a city view king room on the 11th floor , the room was large and spacious , newly renovated and had a marble bathroom with a separate bath and shower . The hotel is in a great location , it 's close to major shopping areas and multiple forms of public transport , and the executive lounge is fantastic . The lobby decor is nice and the bar / dining options were good . However the service was n't that amazing , it took 25 minutes to get our car out of valet on one occasion and 15 minutes on another . The bell boy took so long to come collect our bags when we checked out we ended up just struggling with them ourselves . The staff were neither rude or nice , just average . The room was very noisy , we could hear the rooms around us and everything going on in the hallway . My parents were also staying at the hotel on a different floor and they also had the same noise problems . In the room we stayed in we had shutters instead of curtains , these did n't block out enough light in the morning and had large cracks where they joined each other , so the room was n't very dark in the mornings . If I stayed here again I 'd definitely be requesting a room with curtains . Overall my experience at this hotel was a good one , I would stay at this hotel again if I got a good rate , I was just disappointed a 5 star hotel would have poor service .
Terrible , dont even think about it . I hated staying there . First of all it seems like this hotel works a lot with school trips , sports competition groups etc , so there are always a bunch of American teenagers or randy and rowdy young crowd shouting about , you ca n't even walk through the corridors , as they all sit and chat in corridors . Unless you are nostalgic about your boarding school days , this hotel is no go . But the last straw was when they said there would not be any water at all for a duration of 5 hours . It was apparently due to a central maintanenance , but they did not warn me about this when I booked the hotel . Service staff is very slow and unsymphathetic . Also , when I first arrived the hotel there was a junkie sitting in the lobby , and they had to bring police and remove him . Food is also very bad and not worth the money . The only good thing about this hotel is that it is rather central , but hey , Sydney is so small that you can walk about from almost anywhere , and there are many value hotels nearby , so it is not good enough reason to stay in this ultra crap hotel
Nice Hotel . This was is a nice hotel situated in a very central location in Sydney . As a female travelling alone I felt safe walking to and from this hotel during the day and in the evening . The room is faily nicely decorated and it also has a microwave . I also stayed at the Y on Hyde Park during the latter half of my trip . I liked the Travelodge much better since the rooms were cleanier , nicer looking and it has a much nicer lobby . I would stay there again .
Clean and Central . Clean and fresh hotel located in a good position in central sydney . Easy access to CBD and main shopping areas aswell as Hyde park . Rooms are fresh and staff helpful . Good run of the mill hotels .
Irritated by the bad service and duplicate charges . Yesterday was our wedding day . It was a perfect day UNTIL we checked into the Marriott on Circular Quay . We live in Sydney so we had booked into the Marriott as a treat for our wedding night . We had booked through another website so we had paid in advance . When we were checking in , we were in our wedding clothes so the receptionist was very nice to us and even said he would send up a complimentary bottle of wine to celebrate the wedding . He also offered us a late check out of 1pm . We headed up to our room which was pretty basic . We called room service and asked for some bath robes so that when we returned from our wedding dinner we could change out of our formal clothes . After about an hour we went to dinner - the bath robes had still not arrived . After we returned from dinner we checked for the bathrobes as I was dying to take off my corset and wedding dress . No bathrobes . So my ( new ! ) husband called down and asked for them again . We were told they had already been delivered . We checked the whole room - no sign of them . To this the person on the phone sighed and responded that they HAD been delivered but he would send the guy up with two more and that it may take a while as the guy who delivers robes was busy . Eventually , as we were about to fall asleep the robes were delivered . The robe guy was pretty apologetic and said that he had delivered the robes to the room next door earlier by accident . There were also a number of other problems - the cold water was not running in the sink so the only choice for hand washing was hot water only which was uncomfortably hot . Of course , we never received our complimentary bottle of wine . And we just checked our bank account and they have charged us a SECOND time for the hotel room . I 'm not sure why they charged us again as when my husband checked out there was no outstanding charges on the bill . I called to see what the charge was for and before I could even explain the situation , a very rude lady told me I would have to contact accounts when they open at 9am tomorrow . So yes , I do n't think I would recommend the Marriott and we definitely will not be using this chain again . We were expecting a great experience from a 5 star hotel . We have had much better experiences in other hotels .
Sydney ant our feet . We ( 18 year old daughter , partner and I ) stayed at the Altamont Hotel , Sydney , for a week this July ( 2007 ) . This was our first trip to Australia and our first port of call in the country , so impressions were important . I would recommend the Altamont to the independent traveller . All staf were friendly , welcoming and helpful . The hotel was comfortable and spotlessly clean and I really liked its individual style in terms of decor and furnishing . It 's well placed within easy walking distance of every main attraction that Sydney has to offer , and from several different directions , following a variety of routes into town , maximizing exploring potential . We took full advantage of this , visiting galleries , museums , bookshops , the Aquarium , Opera House , taking shopping and boating trips . The hotel is located near to grocery stores , a laundry , and more international restaurants than I have seen anywhere else on my travels . I would certainly stay at the hotel again because of its comfort , friendliness of staff , location and value for money . My one suggestion for improvement would be that breakfast could be more imaginative and varied .
Definitely NOT Sheraton quality . I am an SPG member and expect a certain quality from the hotel chain I most frequently use . This property is definitely not up to the usual Sheraton standard and is massively overpriced . I stayed for 3 nights in February but very nearly did not make it past the first . This was my first stay at this establishment . On arrival I was ignored by the concierge , even though he clearly saw me arrive and then struggle to load heavy suitcases from the taxi onto one of his trolleys that I personally had to retrieve . He did n't offer to assist until all the hard work was done and I was half way to reception . Reception then advised me that I had been upgraded due to high occupancy , but I was allocated exactly the room I had booked and overpaid for . The room was reasonably sized and appointed , but definitely not to Sheraton standards , and was well overdue for a refurbishment . The bathroom was tiny and poorly appointed . The room had just been cleaned and smelt like a chemical factory - it took more than an hour of airing before it was even habitable . Houskeeping advised that the same highly scented cleaning products were used in all rooms , so there would be no benefit in changing . At 10 minutes to 6pm I went to the restaurant to book a table for dinner later that evening , but I ( and 2 other couples ) were totally ignored by the staff until 6pm , when I presume the restaurant officially opens ( however there were no signs to this effect ) . The Maitre d ' came to the desk we were waiting at several times over the 10 minutes but did n't even have the decency to acknowledge those waiting until exactly 6pm . I ordered a Lamb dish from room service the next night , but was delivered what looked like , tasted like , and met the menu description of the beef steak dish . I contacted room service to query this and was forcefully assured that there was no question that I had been delivered the Lamb . The next night I placed exactly the same order and to my surprise ( not ) , I received a totally different meal which looked and tasted like lamb . The above may seem like reasonably trivial matters , but they demonstrate a total disregard for the level of customer service one should expect from an establishment bearing the Sheraton name and charging the tariffs that they do . I will definitely cross this hotel off my Sydney stay list .
Overpriced but in a great location . First of all the location is just fantastic and in all honesty that 's what you 're paying for because at 140 a night ( without breakfast ! ! ) the overall quality of the rooms does n't justify it . It was mid winter in Sydney and our room was always a bit cool even with the AC set to 30C ! ! ! and it was also disappointingly small in comparison to rooms we 've had at various Mandarin Orientals and Hyatts . Reception and Concierge are helpful but we booked an early check in but did not recieve it but we were given a courtesy room . We stayed here for four nights at the beginning of our 3 week trip and when we came back to Sydney to fly back to the UK we stayed at the Rendevous Stafford in The Rocks which was about half the price and our room was twice as good ( complete with well equipped Kitchenette ) and breakfast was included . We would not stay at the Marriot again if the Rendevous had rooms .
Good , no frills base . Pretty spacious room
Awful . I had the unfortunate experience of staying at this hotel in Jan 2006 . Upon entering the lobby it was clear that the hotel was far from clean and this was confirmed once we entered our room . The carpet in the room did not look like it had ever been vacuumed and this suspicion was confirmed upon discovering not one but at least 12 rather large toe nail clippings embedded in the carpet . The bathroom had the remains of numerous former visitors which was evident from the variety of different hairs on the floor and sink . The tiles were mouldy and the shower curtain disgusting . I immediatly made a request that our room be vacuumed and cleaned . I was assured that it would be cleaned the next day . My room was never vacuumed the entire time I was there , despite complaing 4 times . The room service seemed to consist of bedmaking only . Needless to say I do not recommend that you stay at this hotel as I am sure there are a number of cleaner more efficient hotels to choose from .
Great rooms , bad service . Stayed here for 3 nights in March . The room we got was great : view of the Opera House , an old English - style building , good furnishings ( except a little wear and tear showing on the bathroom ceiling ) . The hotel 's location is pretty good too . But , the service was really lacking . I was staying with a friend who did n't have a credit card and did n't speak that much English but would arrive at the hotel several hours before me . I called the hotel a week early to tell them the situation , gave them my credit card and gave them my Marriott rewards number ( I 'm ' Silver Elite ' in their book ) . I then called them again about 3 days before my stay asking some logistical questions about getting to the hotel and asked them again if my credit card / marriott rewards number were on file . They said no and took them down again promising that there would be no problems for my friend to check in . When my friend arrive to check in they treated her horribly . They denied having the credit card , forced to put up a hefty cash deposit , barred her from making phone calls from the room , etc . etc . When I showed up and told the front desk what happened they were unsympathetic . And the thing that really gets me is that they had my Marriott rewards number on file . That means that someone did get the credit card number over the phone but that they lost it - - twice ! ! ! Of course , I need to watch my credit card number very carefully for fraud now . All in all , we made the most of our stay , enjoyed sydney and the room and avoided the front desk like the plague . We checked into the Grace Hotel a few blocks away a few days later and had far better service and more modern room ( with a worse view ) .
Nice hotel but a strange room . 2 queen beds
Service needs to be revamped , Location is prime ! The location is right in the City center opposite to Hyde Park which offers easy access to corporate offices and downtown shopping . Major Stores and malls e . g . QVB , Strand Arcade , Pitt Street mall and Sydney Towers are within 5mins walks . City ourist attractions is close by . However , the service is just very average . Even this propety is more of a buisness hotel , there are rooms for such claimed to be 5 - star property to improve . I rushed out in the morning forgot to remove the ' Do n't Disturb ' sign one morning which blocked the housekeeping staff to clean the room . Upon my return at night , I called Guest service and I was astound to hear that the housekeeping staff were off after 6pm ! ? ! They could only bring clean towels and unable to clean the cups and change linens . I expect at least one houisekeeping staff on duty after hours ! ! ! That 's not 5 - star business hotel . The room is spacious , but for twin room , I expect at least two queen beds , instead it is really a twin . The bathroom is spacious with limited counter top space for personal items . Overall it is just an OK experience .
Nice hotel close to Circular Quay and Pitt Street Mall . The hotel is clean and quite new . The room is nice and spacious . Noise from street noise is minimum even though it is heart of the business district ( I stayed in the sixth floor ) . Breakfast buffer in the hotel restaurant is above average . There are plenty of cafes near by that you can sit outside weekdays do people watching . On the downside , the bed is harder than I expect for a upscale hotel . The lobby is small . It can be crowded when a lot of people are checking out at the same time in the morning .
RUDE receptionist ! ! ! Sadly , I can only write a VERY scathing review of this hotel ! My experiences with the Radisson Plaza in Sydney began a few days before I arrived . I called them to check which room I had been booked into and , after reading a review on this site , requested that the two single beds in the room NOT be pushed close together as I was sharing with an elderly Aunt and wanted a bit of space so we could sleep without breathing into each other 's faces . . . . I also explained that I would be arriving at 10am after travelling from interstate since 4am , and NEEDED to rest and change before I was due at a function at 3pm . The person on the phone said they would request an early book - in time and indicated that a room WOULD be ready for me when I arrived . I got there a bit after 10am on Thursday 4th December . The RUDEST staff member possible was at the reception counter ! ! My room had been booked and paid for by the organisation that had invited me to Sydney . The man at the counter confirmed my booking , and then requested a credit card from me . I told him I did n't have one . He then told me to pay him $ 100 " in case I used the mini bar " I told him that I did n't have $ 100 and re - explained that the room had been paid for by the organisation and if there were any problems maybe he should talk to THEM ! I also asked for the mini bar to be taken from my room as I had no intention of using it . The man then said that I had to wait until 2pm for a room to be available for me . I told him I was very tired and needed a cup of tea and a rest before having a shower , getting changed and attending the function at 3pm . He said I could use the shower at their " Health Cub " . I asked if there was a bed there I could rest on for a few hours . . . The answer was " No " . He then turned away and ignored me . . . . I then told him I NEEDED to rest ( NO offer of a cup of tea was forthcoming . . . ) and would do so by sleeping on a sofa in the foyer until a room was available . Within half an hour of me stretching out on one of the lounges , a LOVELY , kind and helpful young staff member , Ravi Singh , approached me and said a room was available and I that would be upgraded to a Premier Room . She took me to this room , which had two double beds in it ( placed about 30cm apart ) . Returning to the room with my Aunt later that night after the function , and wanting to make ourselves another cup of tea , we realised that there was no milk left , as there had been only 3 or 4 single portions of milk provided . After trying to call room service about four times they finally answered the phone and promptly brought 4 more single portions . . . . Strangely , there were only enough products for ONE guest in the bathroom , so we had to share the shower cap and shampoo . . . and there was only one armchair to sit on . . . There WAS an extra sugar packet , I discovered it imbedded in thick dust under the TV . . . It 's probably STILL there ! The next morning we went to check out at 9 . 30am . The " express check out " counter was unattended and the same man was at reception . He ignored me when I asked him if I could check out until , worried that I would miss my flight back home if I did n't leave soon , I INSISTED on him taking my keys . . . He was SO RUDE that I approached another staff member in the foyer and asked him to identify the receptionist , whom he named as " Obdhallah " I told this other staff member that I was going to write a review of the hotel , he looked shocked , then asked me what I was going to say in it . . . . I was SO disappointed to have this hotel stay almost ruined by the unpleasant Abdhallah . If there were more staff members like Ravi Singh employed to assist guests , it would almost be worth its five star rating . . . .
Reasonable Hotel . My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights in December 2007 while hosting some overseas clients . In the past we typically take such clients to the Intercontinental or Marriot , both near Circular Quay , and on this occasion decided to try the Amora , being a 5 star rated hotel in a similar vicinity . Arriving at the hotel in our car , the Valet service was prompt , friendly and efficient . Check in was also quick , as we had to check in both for our room and for a conference room ( Jamieson Club Boardroom ) that we had booked for the afternoon , which was on the 31st floor . Room : The room was very comfortable , the bathroom including both a bath and a shower . The room was very clean , no signs of dust . As mentioned in previous reviews , the television was in a very strange location ( in a cupboard at 90 degrees to the bed ) , and was and old CRT style unit . Conference Room : The conference room for 8 people ( AU $ 550 for 6 hours ) was a letdown . On the 31st floor , it had views of the adjacent buildings and a few glimpses of the water . The decor was dated , as was the furniture , which was looking tired . During the afternoon a number of flies were buzzing around the room , and I called reception to get them to send up some fly spray . I was advised that an engineer would be sent up immediately . 3 hours later when we left the boardroom for the day , nothing had been sent up . I complained to the reception staff who apoligised , I know this is not their fault however it represented a poor system for dealing with small issues at the hotel . Location : The location is good , but not ' prime ' like many of the other hotels in the area . Several of the taxi drivers we used during the stay did not know where it was located , and we had to give directions . The walk to Circular Quay is short , but the hotel does not stand out as a ' landmark ' like several of the others in the area . Dining : We dined out both nights , at Doyles at Circular Quay on Sat night and at Sydney Tower on Sunday night . We ordered lunch through room service to the board room during our meeting and it was prompt and delicious . Concierge : The booking at Doyles and a booking for a harbour cruise were handled efficiently through the concierge . On the last day I left my luggage with the concierge and it was also managed efficiently . Price : We paid AU $ 230 for the Saturday night and AU $ 205 for the Sunday night , so both nights represented a saving of between AU $ 60 and AU $ 100 compared to several nearby 5 star hotels . Valet parking at AU $ 45 per night was steep compared to others we have stayed at . Lobby / Lifts etc : The lobby was beautifully presented . To use the lifts , each person has to use their key to activate their floor . When the lifts are busy this is an unwanted imposition , as there is only one card reader in each lift , and they did not operate repeatably ( with 10 people in the lift all trying 2 - 3 times to swipe their cards , this is a long process ) . We stayed in room 911 , and when the lifts were busy often I had passed this floor before being able to access the reader and get it to work , which was an inconvenience . I have stayed in other hotels with similar systems but there have always been multiple readers and they have worked flawlessly . Overall impression : The hotel tries hard to be 5 star but seemed a bit rough around the edges compared to the Intercontinental and the Marriot , but then again comes at a lower price . For important overseas clients , I would book them in at these other hotels in future before the Amora . I felt it was good value , and if it was just my wife and I travelling , I would stay here again .
Rethink the Radisson . I 've just returned from a rare , very much anticipated long weekend in Sydney with my sister , and am now looking forward to a good night 's sleep ! We booked the Radisson after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor , and were hoping for a bit of luxury to spoil ourselves . Instead , we got a very average room ( okay , we booked on Wotif , but even so ) . We had booked two single beds , but basically got a king bed that had been split in two but both sides were still right next to each other ( I mean literally , about half a centimetre gap ) - not ideal at all . The beds were peculiarly made with thin mattresses on top of other enormous mattresses , with sheets that did n't tuck in properly and it all just kept sliding off and coming untucked . There were two odd bedside lamps hanging right down from the ceiling at head height , so every time we got out of bed or sat up we banged our heads . We did n't even get saucers to go with our cups . Our bath plug leaked , and our lamp was n't working ( to be fair , they did fix the lamp as soon as we told them about it ) . The swimming pool was average ( the pictures do it a lot of favours ) , the steam room smelt horrible , and the spa was tiny and closed for maintenance . The whole hotel felt like a bolthole for airline staff and for corporate conferences . Good points : great location , beautiful building ( on the outside only , at least in our experience ) , staff quite helpful . Bad points : completely unrestful . What a waste of a holiday ! Sydney was fun though .
Fair value , good location . My husband and I stayed at the Radisson for 5 nights in October . We booked a one bedroom suite with tub . The room layout was fantastic , air conditioning system worked really well , desk setup was nice and the TV was a good size . The closet space was good with drawers for clothing , it was nice to unpack and store the suitcases off the side . There was a separate seating area and a safe beside the bed . The bathroom was a very good size ; my only complaint would be that it did not have a tempature regulated mixer in the shower , so if someone flushed the toilet you tended to get scalded . The bed was reasonably comfortable and they do offer a pillow menu as well . Housekeeping was top points ; the room appeared clean and replenished every day . The gym was average ; the equipment could use a little updating , but all functional and tidy . We had mixed feelings about the massage , but this hotel is not known for this service , next time I would give it a pass . The lounge on the main floor was comfortable and the staff extremely friendly , accommodating and attentive . As this is a business oriented hotel , it defiantly catered to those who needed the amenities . The business centre was also functional and easy to access . My only complaint here is that the internet , which is accessed through a 3rd party was sloppy , the cable that came with our room did n't work , so we had to get another one , and I guess I was under the impression that the rooms would be wireless . Other than that , the Valet was prompt and friendly , location was reasonably good , try the Japanese restaurant on the other side of the street , as well as the cafe on the corner . Its a few blocks off the main shopping district , making it a bit farther than other hotels , but great at night as the nightlife is n't outside your window . We did not try the restaurant in the hotel as there are many choices within the area of the hotel which are well priced . In addition , the room service achieved their target time , and the food was decent . Over all , a well priced hotel for the business traveller or tourist that can offer .
Not as good as the other reviews . The best part about this hotel is the location . It is very close to Circular Quay , The Rocks , The Bridge and the Opera House . I did n't find the staff all that friendly , although I was n't dressed in a suit . The food available at the hotel was mostly buffett style , breakfast was $ 32.00 and bad . Eat elsewhere . I had a Deluxe Opera View room , which was a good view of the Sydney Opera House .
The worst hotel I ever stayed . The house keeping was very bad . The staff in this hotel were not responsible at all . They missed the booking of shuttle bus , and there were gabage of the previous guest in the room .
Pretty Average , NOT five star . We arrived in Sydney on short notice and being NYE most hotels were full . So the Amora , Jamison was not the first choice . But being five star and in the CBD , I thought it will do . Apon arriving I knew immeadiatekly it was n't what you expect . No bell boy service . So carry your own bags to the room . When I asked about that the front desk said , oh you can go over there with your bags and see if they will help ? ! ? ! My wife and I have been traveling for over a month and have a lot of luggage , not just over night bags . So we were off to a bad start straight away . No one to take you to your room either - then the rooms were on the smaller side , not very clean . Plenty of scuff marks and stains on the carpet . Dusty too . The television is small and in the wardrobe to the right of the bed , making it awkward to watch . Also the bathroom was ordinary and the towels small and light and ragged , as if they 've been round the system for a few years . Arrrghhhh . This is just a few things I have mentioned . It 's just not what you expect from a five star hotel . Perhaps four star hotel who is n't trying very hard , it might be that . But the rates for NYE and Jan 1st were out of this world . . . We will not be back .
Overpriced , but nice . We stayed at the Swissotel for four nights on our honeymoon in late September 2007 . The hotel is very nice - the public spaces are beautiful , the workout room is very nice , and pool is great . The rooms are nice , but please be forewarned : The beds are as hard as a rock . I would honestly say that the bed was the least comfortable hotel bed that I have ever slept in . The view from our room was great - we looked out over the Sydney tower and one of the city 's many parks . We tried the breakfast buffet one morning - it was grossly overpriced . The quality was average , but the price was anything but average . I would skip the restaurant and the bar and find places that are a better value . ( Actually , the food court next to the hotel has a great place for freshly squeezed fruit juice and there is another stand with decent muffins / breakfast breads . )
Terrrible reception staff , good location . uk trip advisor member . We spent 5 nights here at the beginning of Nov . Arrived at 9am but understandably the room was not ready yet , took a walk then came back and waited in lobby area for room . Staff on reception said they would call us when it was ready . After waiting for over an hour I asked again - the room had been ready for over half an hour and we had been left sat in the lobby . The room itself ( a deluxe on the 19th floor ) was excellent . Was very impressed with size , decor , facilities etc . Also the pool , jacuzzi facilities etc were excellent . Again though the staff lower my opinion of this hotel ; on more than 2 or 3 occasssions I could get no answer from reception , even though they had posted a note asking me to contact them to arrange to refill the mini bar - this was never done . We ordered breakfast in bed which arrived on time and looked great but was stone cold . Again when I tried to phone somebody about this - no answer . I could n't even get the huge trolley it came on removed from our room ( I got through on the phone later in the afternoon and told them I had left it in the corridor ) . It remained there for 24hrs . At check out I informed the staff that I had tried lots but had not been able to get the mini bar refilled and had used approx $ 45 . They told me it did n't matter and I would n't be charged . Because of this I did n't complain about the breakfast ( which cost approx $ 75 ) . I paid for my phone calls ( I had a faulty phone or something went wrong disconnecting a call at reception so lost 40mins on an international phone card ) , and left . When I got back to the uk I had been charged the $ 45 dollars too ! I must say that not all staff were poor ; the guys who open the doors , collect and deliver luggage were pleasant , helpful and a credit to the hotel . There does n't seem to be any conatct details on the web page and I do n't really want to be phoning australia to complain about my problems , so will just have to put this one down to experience . This hotel is really nice and could be one of the best in sydney , but the customer service side of things needs to improve greatly .
Very Bad Service . Booked this hotel from the internet and everything looked fine on the web site . Unfortunately apon arrivial found that this hotel is in a real need of a wake up call i found all staff rude and unwilling to help with offering assistance , i always had to ask . I also ate in the Hotels Signature restaurant and found the food over priced and lacked any taste or style at all . I would recommend for anyone who does stay there to eat outside of the hotel . My last complaint of the hotel is that i would n't ask the door man for a taxi its quicker to get one your self .
Good Business Hotel . Location is excellent if you are on business and your office is nearby ( such as in my case ) and it is reasonable convenient to the Opera House , the rocks and shopping in central sydney . Staff are overall very friendly , always greet you when you arrive by taxi , open the doors when walking into the lobby etc . Rooms are good but not very spacious . No views . Dry Cleaning is poor . I had a pair of cotton pants washed and the laundry / pressing was so poor that I had to redo it . Shirts were not done particulary well either . A good value hotel , but not particulary memorable .
Get an inside room if you want to sleep . We recently stayed at the Radisson on Saturday and Sunday night . The room faced onto Pitt Street - it was a Premier room , the next step up from Atrium . When we arrived it seemed quiet and we did n't hear street noise . However , that night a nearby club was blasting music outside . It was so loud and so late at night that I believe in most US cities you 'd have to get a permit . I finally called reception at 12:45am and was told it would stop at 1am . When it was still blaring at 1:15am , I called again to request to be moved to another room . The said they did n't have any other rooms , and that they had called the club and were told it was a special function that would go until 2am . They offered me no alternatives . At this point I wish I had called the police , because it 's very doubtful to me that this volume of noise outside would be legal . However , I just suffered through until it finally stopped . This is probably a lesson for any urban hotel - get an inside room . I wish we had saved some money and gotten an Atrium room so that we could sleep . Otherwise the room was gorgeous , the bed comfortable , and the bathroom spectacular . Oh well .
acid trip - advisor . . . . . . . we booked this hotel for a weekend stay , based on reviews from tripadvisor . Are you guys for real ! ! ! ? ? this place is at best mediocre , at worst awful . 1 ) booked a car through them to collect us from airport , it was n't there because the driver did n't know what flight we were on ' ! ! ( despite us confirming by email many days in advance ) but of course , NO apology from him or the hotel , at $ 85 ? 2 ) after speaking to them at our expense on an overseas cellphone , about where the driver was , get there 40 mins later and they have no room ready for us , at 7pm ! told to wait ' over there ' for 20 mins whilst they find a room for us ( what the ? ) no complimentary drink , no apology , again . by this time we are really not liking these stupid people . 3 ) get to the room , it smells damp . hmmm , the carpet is wet . quite wet , obviously just been steaming it . so its clean , yes , but wet . great . great . great . 3a ) after discussing with the bellhop that he should look after our bags whilst we wait for our room , we get to the room and he brings us someone else 's bags . back to bellhop school for him . 4 ) next morning , go down to the buffet , expecting a complimentary breakfast of some kind , and are told that at $ 440 a night , it is not included . . . . we say to the guy ' are you serious ? ? ? ? ' yes we are ' he says . not , ' i 'm sorry you were expecting something that you have n't got , let me rectify it by giving you a voucher so you can have a coffee and some toast so you feel somewhat better about this crap hotel ' 5 ) book a taxi through them 4 hours in advance to be taken to a wedding , go down at designated time , no cab booked , doorman has to hail one off the street . 6 ) and on the room , there is a tiny magnifying mirror in the bathroom , that 's it , huge bathroom , no mirror . $ 440 a night . great . 7 ) the hotel decor is mostly dull and uninspiring , it feels like a business meeting place at the airport . the pool is only 1m deep - what 's up with that ? for dwarfs ? great . 8 ) the restaurant ' bistro - fax ' , food expensive and nasty , limited , yuk . no restaurants around the hotel , as in CBD , crap location . . the positives are : comfy bed , nice pillows , quiet room , nice bathroom , good gym , clean , well serviced , prompt room - service . that 's it . stay here if you have no taste for food or decor , like shabby service , and do n't mind waiting . . . . a lot . . .
Nonexistent service . This hotel should be called Backpackers Wentworth not Travelodge . Though the rooms themselves are adequate there is no sevice to be had for any price . The harassed staff at reception is unable to offer any local knowledge or information to visitors . When asked to call a taxi we were advised to stand on the corner of the street and flag one down . We left our room at 10 a . m . and left a card to have it serviced . On our return at 4 p . m . we found it exactly as we left it . It took two phone calls to reception and 45 minutes to have fresh towels and other supplies delivered and the service person who finally turned up told us that it is hotel strategy not to make up occupied rooms until late afternoon and evening .
adequate but some irritations . It was cheap , clean and quite comfortable and that should have been adequate , except for a few issues . There were 6 of us in 3 rooms , each one of us with a card key . Over 2 days , we had to traipse back to Reception on average twice each to have the card rekeyed as it would no longer open our doors . It became frustrating . 4 of us had arrived at 10am , too early for 2pm checkin , but were pleased to store our bags and explore . At 12:30 , the last couple arrived at the hotel and were able to check in immediately . Good for them . Us 4 traipsed back to the hotel at about 1:30 , still early , yet one couple were accommodated immediately . Husband and I were asked to wait 10 mins . No problem . We sat and waited 50 mins until it became evident they had completely forgotten about us . It happens everywhere , but it 's annoying when the 6 of us were itching to get out and about again . The service was not offensive , but not friendly either . It 's a very busy hotel on the edge of the CBD , in a not particularly attractive area . However , taxis seem to drop off guests at about 5 min intervals so it 's easy to catch one . Museum Train Station is just around the corner , the monorail is a short walk away . We had an easy walk down the hill to Chinatown and Darling Harbour . . . coming home uphill needs more exertion . There is no lounge area for a quiet drink . You must go out for lunch and dinner , or order in from a number of local eateries . Breakfast is particularly ordinary , but totally adequate ( muesli , yoghurt , corn flakes , toast , baked beans , scrambled eggs , bacon and sausages ) . The hotel seems to have a large patronage of Asians , so one would have thought a noodle dish at least would have been offered . As a previous reviewer said , there is a great little spot for breakfast around the corner called Two Good Eggs .
Our second stay . Just as pleasant as the first . Room picture
Would Definately . Stay Again ! I loved the Sheraton on the Park . The newly renovated rooms are beautiful , very clean and spacious . The hotel staff are very helpful and friendly . The buffet breakfast is amazing - which was included in our package . Valet parking was also included in the package - which was very useful . I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone - it 's a bit pricy but it is worth every penny ! ! !
Basic , but good value . I chose this hotel because it is close to Hyde Park where the Australia Day celebrations were being held . Check - in was very quick . My room was small , but adequate . I asked for a quiet room and was placed on the 16th floor , with a side view , but away from the busy intersection and noisy traffic . The room contained a microwave , fridge , kettle iron . The bathroom had shower , but no bath . The hotel has its own shuttle bus to the airport . The hotel only serves breakfast , not dinner , but I prefer to eat out . There are plenty of cafes restaurants close by . Be wary of Oxford Street area with night clubs , bars , poor cafes - looks dubious . Go towards Liverpool Street Elizabeth Street - much better . About 10 mins walk to monorail or subway . Walk to harbour is a 30 min stroll . I would describe this hotel as clean and basic - nothing special , but nothing wrong either .
Home away from Home - Love this place and the staff ! When in Sydney doing business , or taking my family for a well deserved break , we are always treated especially nice . I have stayed here on many occasion over the years and have always felt like so welcome , my only gripe is they have closed the walkway through to David Jones . . . not happy . . . now I have to cart all my shopping back by myself ! To all the staff keep up the good work love the breakie buffet .
Comfortable hotel . Stayed here for 2 nights as part of a work awards night . It was a very pleasant stay , the room was spacious and decorated in heritage colours . Being a work package we were in the cheapest rooms , so did n't have a view , but no complaints as the room made up for it . Very close to Circular Quay and MCA where the event was held . My only complaint was the hotel did n't deliver the welcome letter explaining when to arrive at the event and that there would be a photographer outside to snap professional mementos of the evening , so as a result only about 10 % of the guests knew about this .
Keep out , 4 star for nothing . The entrance that the taxi nearly missed
Single Beds Are Terrible . Stayed at this hotel for work training with another colleague . We were booked into a twin room with twin beds for 3 nights . The beds are tiny , reception say they are 2 feet 6 inches wide but this does not allow for the tapering at the side of the bed . On the second night I came back to the room to find the bed just pulled up . Sheets not tucked in ( because they were too small ) and the blanket still as I had left it that morning . I changed rooms that night to a queen room with sofa bed . Much better . Whatever you do do n't book the rooms with 2 single beds if you are an adult !
Great Location : not so great hotel . Fire Alarm at Midnight - we had to evacuate the building !
horrible experience - gave away my prepaid room . room not ready ; prepaid executive room w / view on exec floor and did not get my room for 4 adults ; so , had to settle for small suite w / one king bed and 2 roll away beds stuffed in this cramped room ; they simply gave away my room ! what a bunch of crap ! they knew i was prepaid and reserved for 3 mos before and should have had MY room ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! since i prepaid , they would not discount this lower grade room they were ultra busy . . . too busy to provide any type of quality service . . . . sad ! we were so far away from home and had to put up w / this from what i had previous thought was a quality hotel chainnever again will i trust Marriott . . . . . . . . . . and as for Hotels . com . . . . . their prepayment requirment sucks ! there are alot more hotels in this area to stay at and i would suggest one of them . . . . . . . .
OK but that 's all . We stayed at the swissotel with my 2 year old nephew for the night and booked a room with the hotel directly . While in general terms the hotel was fine , there were a couple of things that made our stay a little less enjoyable . First and foremost the bed was like a rock and both me and my husband had an extremely uncomfortable night . The second issue was that I phoned the hotel direct to ensure that we were given a room suitable for us all to stay in . The room we ended up with was not large enough . To give you some idea the usual bed had been moved ( you could tell because the head board is fixed and so the bed no longer lined up ) and then a single fold out had been placed in the gap between the one side of the bed and the window . There was no space floor space left between the two beds . We also had no kettle in the room . We have stayed in a wide variety of accommodation on what is a three month trip and based on what you pay this was a bit of a disappointment
Great views . Stayed here for three nights on one of the higher floors . View was amazing of the skytower and beyond . Room was lovely , very clean and modern . Location was fantastic ; near to the train station ( for handy access from the airport ) and in the middle of the main shopping area . There was a large variety of pastries , meats , fruit to choose from for breakfast - with European and Japanese tastes catered for .
Fab and conveniently located Sydney hotel . This hotel is fab ! Highly recommended ! You get a very friendly , efficient welcome , every staff member I met was helpful and professional . Its in a nice residential part of Sydney , incredibly central yet not on a majorly busy city road ( 15 - 20mins walk to heart of city , harbours , museums ) . The room I stayed in had glass patio doors with a little outdoor space with large container plants , a huge and comfortable bed , powerful shower in big bathroom , with fridge and air con , hair dryer etc . It was spotlessly cleaned daily ( - except when I said not to worry in order to do my bit on an environmental level ! ) It has a bar , and more fun - a huge roof terrace ! ( Good to be able to have a fag for all us terrible smokers ! ) I was given a good deal pricewise because I stayed 11 days . Its also got character , not a bland modern hotel , but you feel that care has been taken to furnish the public areas with old bits and pieces . For art lovers its practically next door to one of the best places to buy Aboriginal artwork too , and very near to a great 50 yr old coffee house called Coluzzo ' s !
Very dissapointing . I stayed here whilst on business in Sydney , as my company has an agreement with the Swissotel . On arrival , I was asked for a credit card , even though my stay was to be fully charged back to my companys AMEX . I informed the front desk of this , at which time they told me I could n't stay there , unless I gave them a $ 150 deposit , even though they had the security of a company credit card . This happend to my two co - workers also . In the end , they ended up asking to hold either a cell phone or a drivers licence as security . I was completely disgusted , as this happend at about 11pm at night . I handed over my drivers licence , and a member of staff from the front desk informed me that unless I gave them a credit card in the morning all services would be cut off to me . I had a message left on my phone to contact reception at my earliest convienience the next morning , so I did so before breakfast . I told them that they should call my company , and they would confirm that there was a full charge back to the company credit card . That night we had dinner in the restaurant , which took 3 HOURS to arrive . Other people were coming and going before we were even served . After dinner , we asked for the bill , and the waiter took it upon himslef to just spilt 4 ways , as there was four of us . This was not convienient , and we asked him to reverse it , and charge our individual rooms for what we actually had . This took him 45 minutes , and he still got it wrong , so we asked to go back to spliting it 4 ways . Mini bar and tea and coffee facilities are also extreamly minimal . I did not enjoy the rudness of the staff , and their demands at all . Especially since our company reguarly uses The Swissotel .
Good location , great breakfast . Great position , walking distance to both harbours . Good breakfast although not cheap . Not sure I would call it 5 star but it was light airy and good sized rooms . All clean with friendly staff . Close to all the shopping .
Great Location - Ok Hotel . Admittedly , we stayed at some very exceptional properties before we arrived at the Four Seasons in Sydney but I still expected more from The Four Seasons . First off , the rooms are eceptionally small - we 're talking NY sized rooms or even smaller . The views were great though - we could see the Opera House and the bridge from our window . The bathrooms are pretty cramped as well and the shower had mold all along the bottom . The location of the hotel is great though - walking distance to major attractions . I was a little put off by a charge of $ 14 for 7 . 5 minutes of internet access in their business center - you 're already paying a lot to stay there and for them to just charge egregiously for something as cheap as internet access is just inconsiderate to me . Breakfast was good and the selection was varied . One other major problem we had was we used the in - room safe to store valuables ( mainly cash and camera ) and were in a hurry to make our appointment at the bridge climb . I went to get our camera out and the safe malfunctioned so I called security to override the safe . . . . it turned out that even the override would n't work . So we waited and waited and ended up finally just leaving for our big adventure without our camera ( I was not happy about this ) . . . . . the safe was finally opened when we got back but it took them quite some time ( well over an hour ) . This was frustrating and concerning - what is there had been medication in the safe - it could have been trouble . Overall , the location was great but for the price and cramped space , I would try another hotel in the area .
Good but not as good as hoped . I had nowhere else to go from my office 's preferred supplier list so had to move hotels into the Four Seasons . Service at front desk was good and very friendly . Nice lobby and public areas ( piped muzak can get a bit irritating though ) . Room was the tiniest I have ever been in but not unpleasant . Furniture OK . There was no view ( to be expected as I was on a corporate rate ) . Bed comfy and super clean linens , surfaces , bathroom etc - no dust or dirt anywhere . Breakfast buffet looked fine from what I saw - I had porridge and it was fine . Data connections bit archaic - fee payable for internet access ( take your wireless card ! - although if you do , bear in mind this may be a bit flaky if you are in a room on a high floor - the wireless is a bit unpredictable in the city on high rise floors ) Excellent shower and great toiletries in the rooms - L ' Occitane . Turn down service ok . No iron or ironing board in room which I found a bit surprising . On the whole - nothing offputting but just average stay - to be fair my room was very good value for short notice in Sydney and in such a central location at AUD210 per night .
Tired and pretty ordinary . Check in was quick , easy and efficient but thats about where it stops . Do n't be fooled by the Four Seasons name . This is a long way off its 5 star competitors in Sydney and I 've stayed at quite a few . The rooms are very small and need serious updating . The TV is old with bad reception . The bathroom is even smaller . The room we stayed in had airconditioning problems . On my 4th call to management I demanded a room change . I received one . My recent review of the Shangri La encompassess everything that this hotel is not - quality . Pretentious exteriors does NOT make a 5 star hotel . Spend your money elsewhere .
Perfect location ! This hotel is in a perfect location and is luxurious . It is better than we expected , even though we expected a lot . Highly recommended .
Only book this hotel if you ca n't find anything else . ! ! ! Huge Disappoinment . Only good point is the location . My husband and I travel quite extensivley and honestly , for a 5 star hotel , I can think of better hotels . The room was very average . Hotel lobby looked somewhat tacky . Staff overall very unhelpful and really not that interested . We had to change rooms , dirty bathroom , loud buzz on the Ac vent and a VERY noisy sound from constant water running through the wall . In all fairness we were offered a different room but it was so late at night that we opted to do this in the morning . Changed rooms : We found a noisy Ac fan ( surprise surprise ) closet door would not close , which meant the light would not turn off . The grill in the bathroom door was lose and kept falling out with a loud bang everytime you opened or closed the door . Service technican did come Fan was fixed , closet door was somewhat fixed , grill was never fixed . As we only had 2 days there we could n't be bothered anymore . This hotel really needs to be rated down , we have had better rooms , better service , friendlier staff in a 3 star hotel , there is no way this hotel deserves to be rated as a 5 star .
The best thing for this place is a wrecking ball . Funnily enough felt just like a bad hotel experience in the U . K . Our room was not been cleaned correctly , nor was it vacuumed for the first 5 nights of our stay . The bed was simply pulled together , never properly made . We were having to make the bed when we come back to the room each evening . Behind the bathroom door , there was former occupants hair on the floor . We asked for a room with two beds for our daughters at time of booking but that was not provided . The room issue is not a major one and we could have had the girls room changed but that meant a different floor . We decided against that . I was happy about that decision as when we went to use the laundry facilities on another floor , the floor closest to us was filthy . The hallways carpets are stained and the walls dirty , very nasty ! The laundry facilities are a joke as well . Besides being expensive at $ 4 for a wash and the same for a short dry cycle , we had to wash our clothes on one floor but use a dryer elsewhere because the dryer has gum all over the inside . Just one more example of the filth in this hotel . When the issues of lack of proper cleaning of the hotel are brought up with hotel staff , no one seemed to care about the issue . I asked for the air conditioning to be looked at as the hallways and common areas are all MUCH cooler than our room . We came back to the hotel , turned on the A/C and were covered in dust blowing from the A/C vent . At least they looked at it , did n't fix it , but they looked at it . From the start we have had difficulty with Internet service . The hotel is happy to charge our account for Internet service , however they continually refer us to a third party vendor when the service does not work . Given the cost of the Internet service here , we could have stayed at a much nicer hotel that included free Internet in the room charges . As we had two laptops , we are paying an additional $ 40 / day , $ 20 for each laptop . For all that extra cost , I could not upload pictures to an online photo sharing site due to the slow connection and data restrictions . I especially loved the fact that there are endless tour groups of young American teenagers roaming about the hotel . Loud and rude , this is really what I wanted for the start of my vacation in Australia . The location was nice , at the south end of Hyde Park and the breakfast buffet was decent . However , at $ 22 it was fairly expensive by even Sydney standards . To give the hotel credit , after contacting my travel agents local representative , the hotel offered to credit back all internet charges . Alas , not so easy as at check out we had to present the letter provided from the hotel manager stating this . The internet charges were still on the bill . That was a 15 minute delay on a day when we had to get to the airport for a early flight . Just another sign of poor service
Great Place to Stay ! I booked my stay here after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and I am very happy that I did ! The staff was friendly and helpful , rooms were nice and clean . I recommend getting a room vith a view of the Park . Also it was very convenient location right across the street from Hyde Park and St . James Station . It only took us 5 - 10 minutes max total to get to Circular Quay . Shopping Malls and Shopping Arcades were around the corner . Concierge is very helpful and friendly , not snobby like other hotels . I highly recommend trying their breakfast buffet at least once , ( it is pricy $ 40 per person , but a lot of variety and great fresh fruit ) \If you do n't have much luggage very easy to hop on the train to St . James station to get to the hotel , its faster than taking a cab . Cab to hotel is about $ 35 - $ 40 .
Clean and reliable . Good cheap accommodations in Sydney for about AUD100 . Parking in parking lot nearby for cheap ( for such a big city ) . Simple but clean , functional rooms . Area is a little quiet at night but close walk to downtown ( a few blocks ) and busy Oxford street .
Not what I had hoped for . Having read good trip adviser reviews I booked an Atrium room package on the hotel 's own website . Disappointed with room , old fashioned TV with poor reception in a dark wooden noisy cabinet , all other hotels of this rating I 've stayed at in Sydney at least had a plasma or LCD . View of an alleyway , not what I expected . Nice bathroom , comfy beds . Breakfast room downstairs seemed like you were eating in a cellar . Good location though , easy walk to Rocks and shopping . Would I stay again , probably not , I 'd pick a hotel at The Rocks - with a decent view !
well placed . Having spent the previous week in a hostel this was a taste of sanity , not that the hostel was bad , just that the hotel was spacious and had certain luxuries like a microwave , fridge , large bathroom , and , well , was just ` more ` . Also had a TV and table . 13th floor view was n't up to much though . On every second floor there is also a vending machine which sells sweeties and instant junk , while the reception also has a selection of frozen microwaveable junk if you ask . Reception , although very helpful , patient and humourful , could have been a bit better staffed at times as the waiting times were a bit riduculous , even if , or especially as , they do have 400 + rooms . Centrally located for the train station , tube stations , pubs , china town , Darling Harbour and internet cafe ` s , the hotel is also within 30 mins walking distance of all the attractions of Sydney , the furthest being the opera house , but it is quite enjoyable if taken through the parks . The hotel has a room for luggage . Airport bus will come and pick you up for a fare . Breakfast buffet is okay , everything you would expect is there . Would go there again , if I ever get the opportunity .
Not bad but not great . On the whole , not a bad hotel but not one I would go out of my way to stay at again . Location good - but more Chinatown than Darling Harbour . Do n't expect any great views . Hotel a bit dated in places . Corridors bleak , bathroom furnishings worn . Rooms basic with small soft beds . Noise from adjacent room doors slamming was a significant problem - why ca n't they fit something to reduce this source of noise . Monorail audible right up to top floor where I stayed but not a nuisance . Lifts slow and housekeepinmg have an annoying habit of ringing you at 11am if you have n't vacated your room to ask if you want it serviced ( or effectively to wake you up ) . Another annoyance was the hotel internet access , for which you can buy a card for $ 5 . This is supposed to give you 25 mins of access , but if you use the card more than once , it debits an access charge and rounds minutes to the nearest five . In other words you get very little for your money and there are far better value Internet cafes within easy walking distance . In contrast to an otherwise mediocre stay , the reception staff I dealt with could n't have been more helpful and are to be commended for their professionalism .
Great location , ok hotel . My husband and I spent one week at this hotel . We had booked a flight + hotel package from a travel website and requested a swiss advantage room , which was supposed to be a room on a higher floor . The taxi dropped us outside the hotel , and immediately a bellboy came to help . The reception is on the 8th floor and we got our room keys promptly . The room was paid for but we were of course asked for a credit card for the extras . Our room was situated on the 23rd floor , executive floor , but we did not have access to the executive lounge . The room was odd - shaped , and overlooked a massive construction site . It was extremely noisy that afternoon , but thankfully it got more quiet the next day . Maybe because it was around christmas ? The Internet connection was not working for the 1st day and we thought almost 30AUS $ for a 24h connection was a rip - off . During our week - long stay in the hotel , none of the bell - boys greeted us on the way in or out . The staff ( technicians , housekeeping ) we met on our floor would not even look at us ! The housekeeping was the best , our room was always spotless and our amenities refilled . Once though , I called the room from the outside hoping to talk to my husband and it was the maid who answered saying no one was there ! We had room service one night . An ok club - sandwich and the most awful spaghetti with meatballs I 've ever seen . They even smell disgusting . . . We didnt try any restaurant or bars . I would only recommend this hotel for the location , super central , and next to many shops , the harbour , chinatown , . . . One more thing , we could not believe that we were charged an extra 1.5 % on the bill because we used a VISA credit card !
Great location but a bit tired . Great location just off Sydney harbour , but the hotel is a bit tired and in need of refurbishment . We found service poor and were kept waiting for rooms after the 3 . 00pm check in time . Be warned about the lift situation , they are being refurbished and one of them is permanently out of action . This means at peak times you can be kept waiting for 15 minutes or more and when you do get one they are scarily packed . We liked the look of the Observatory .
Ideal location . We stayed for three nights prior to embarking on a cruise to Los Angeles . The hotel was part of a Princess pre cruise package but we upgraded to a Harbour View Room . We were on floor 11 and the view was amazing . The hotel was smart and efficient as you would expect . We did not eat in the hotel as we wanted to see and experience as much of Sydney as we could in the short time we were there . The hotel is ideally situated right by Circular Quay for ferrys , Sydney Harbour Bridge Walk , The Rocks , Bus Terminal , Opera House and lots of restaurants and pubs . Our cruise ship also docked within walking distance of the hotel and was in fact parked almost under our window .
Perfect Altamont . The Altamont Hotel was perfect for our weekend in Sydney . It is a small boutique hotel run by a friendly man called Alan who is very helpful . In the heart of Darlinghurst , it is perfectly located close to cafes , bars and pubs along with nearby rail stations and the central business district . The Altamont is well priced , art deco funky , warm and inviting and I would highly recommend it for anyone considering a stay in Sydney especially if they like to be in the heart of a fun and lively suburb but also close to the cbd and local tourist attractions . An excellent choice .
most inaccessible hotel of the world . This is an example of a poorly planned , new hotel tower on top of an old department store . To get to your room requires 2 different elevators and a hike across the lobby . Pity of you arrive by car ; NO PARKING ; NO CAR DROPOFF . No Taxis either at most times ! Getting luggage in and out of the place is next to impossible . The restaurant is way undersized and gets overrun during peak periods ; better use one of the local coffee shops ( also less $ $ $ ) .
A + to the Marriott Sydney Harbour . We have stayed in many hotels and this hotel was by far one of our favorites of all time . The views were stunning , the service was perfect , the rooms were clean and we thought this hotel was wonderful . We are coming back to Sydney this summer and we would n't dream of staying anywhere else . We give it an A + and we are hard to please .
Terrible Security , could not recommend . Would not recommend this Hotel for the following reasons - Lack of security , we returned late to this Hotel only to find a drunkhomeless person entering the Hotel , not once was he challenged . The front entrance was covered in falling leafs from the trees inthe Park and as it was a rainy day made the area very slipperycausing me to loose my footing . The room light did not work and was covered in dust , windows were that dirty we could hardly see out . Not what one would expect from a 5 star Hotel
Ok business hotel - not bad , but you can do better . Having seen how highly this hotel scores on Trip Advisor , I 'm left feeling that some other reviewers could have a career as wine critics . ;-) I travel a lot and stay in a lot of business hotels around Asia . This hotel does n't cut it as a 5 star hotel . It perhaps just scrapes through as a 4 star , but more realistically , it 's a 3 and a half . There is nothing dramatic to fault , it 's just old and tired and the service is hit miss . Yes , the rooms are clean , and if you are lucky you get a good view of the harbour the opera house ( but you would also get this at any of the many high - rise hotels at this end of town ) . And yes , the location is good if you are a tourist or if you work at the north end of the CBD ( otherwise only average ) . There is an Avis desk with available cars at the hotel , which is very convenient . BUT , the bathroom is small , basic and dated . A minimal update some time recently did n't really disguise this . The air conditioning is noisy , and still has a not - very - accurate dial on the wall as it 's controller . The furniture fixtures show plenty of signs of a tough life . No doubt , if you stay here , you will be comfortable enough , but do n't expect 5 star standard . And for this money , there are better options .
Lachlan Graney , Asst Manager , spoiled our trip . No doubt the location is great and the hotel is value for money . But this story of mine just shows you the value of having really great people as part of your staff . Imagine this , you travel half way around the globe ( am from Manila ) check into your hotel and get set for a full day ahead of sight seeing , picture taking and all that other touristy stuff ; but then you check on your digital camera and realize that you forgot to charge your battery . I checked on the sockets and it was NOT compatible with our parallel flat plugs here in the Philippines . Should be no problem right ? Just call the reception and ask for an adaptor . I call and front desk and get a male on the line , I ask for an adaptor and lo and behold we 're sorry sir but we 're all out of adaptors , they 've all been borrowed . I tried to ask them to think of a solution for me , but it seems like the guy did not want to be bothered . I thought he was rather rude and the tone of his voice was rather peeved . Perhaps my accent was n't Caucasian enough for him to go the extra mile . I then put the phone down and called the GENERAL MANAGER , I called not so much to ask for help with an adaptor but also to call the attention of the hotel to the rudeness of their staff . Lo and behold , a Mr . Lachlan Graney picked up the phone and as the conversation went on , he identified himself as the SAME person that I had spoken to seconds before . I had suggested that the hotel buy some more adaptors because I really needed one that evening and did not want to brave the cold night outside to get one . His response was " I 'm sorry sir , but we think we have enough adaptors " . I then replied , " well , my not having one , does n't that tell you that you might not have enough ? " To cut a long story short , I went out that evening close to midnight and walked a couple of blocks and went through 4 - 5 convenience shops before I found my adaptor . Me and my wife were not just peeved by the whole situation but it kinda left a bad taste in the mouth to have to deal with hotel staff that are n't just unhelpful but downright . . . rude .
not returning . We stayed at the Travel Lodge for 4 days and really it was 4 days too long . We booked a double room with a queen bed and ended up with two single beds . The showers dribbled out water which was sort of warm but sought of cold as well and the staff were not friendly or helpful . We spent as little time as possible at the hotel . The rest of my family spend their 4 days at the Menzies Hotel , so we ended up spending a lot of time there and the change was unbelievable ( for the same price ) . The staff were great , always helpful and cheerful , the rooms were so much nicer than the Travel Lodge and it just had a much nicer vibe going on . I will never stay at the drab and depressing Travel Lodge again
wonderful stay I booked our stay via Expedia from the Uk based on much research and previous traveller reviews . We were not disappointed . From check in to check out we had a wonderful stay . Our rooms and bathrooms were spotlessly clean , well equipped and had fantastic views . Slippers and robes were a nice touch . Taking the club rooms and club lounge option was certainly worth the extra . A delightful haven to begin the day with breakfast or start the evening with drinks and canapes . Attentive and well informed staff . Parking was an issue but a valet dealt with that for us even though the rates were a little steep . I suppose it is right in the city centre after all ! The location is perfect . Central for all the sights , rail and ferries . We will be visiting Sydney again next year and there is no doubt about which hotel we would use . J A B UK
Big bed , tiny room in this soul - less , ex Japanese owned hotel . View from the room was great though . Room was noisy . Ok if you are a heavy sleeper , do n't mind hearing the people next door take a shower , run a bath or listen to guests in the corridor etc . I suppose . . Not very close to major public transport - Ok if you do n't mind walking , solely using the limited expensive , touristy monorail or have little luggage or like using taxis . But then , it IS Darling harbour after all ! Staff were , how can I put it , without wanting to use an insulting word or being impolite ? The term ' surly ' , feels apt . Despite pre - paying 100 % of the non - refundable rate including ALL taxes on the hotel 's own website , months before arriving , they tried to sting me when I checked out . I was told that they had made a ' mistake ' on the hotel rate I needed to pay the difference . . . So be careful ! Apparently , according to the receptionist I spoke to , it happens a lot . What seems like a good rate may not be if the hotel receptionists try and wangle more money out of you just as you are leaving . No mention was made of course when I checked - in of their ' mistake ' . After a discussion with a manager , I was eventually advised that I would not have to pay for THEIR mistake . The breakfast room ( which is actually in the lobby of the hotel ) was chaotic with really long queues over - priced . Better choice more relaxing to eat at a nearby cafe . So , this was my first ( last ) stay at a Four Points Hotel . Maybe I was just unlucky , but I would n't stay there again . There are plenty of other places to stay !
Poor " Front Desk " Service . Whilst this hotel is in a good location - within walking distance to Darling Harbour the Front Desk service that I experienced when checking in was extremely poor . A queen bed room was booked but could not be offered to me as they did not have any of these rooms left . When I asked could housekeeping please come up and make the twin beds into a double for us , she rudely said that this could not be done due to the hotel rules , but if I wanted to make it up myself I could - this meant moving side tables , beds and requesting new sheets / doonas etc . - Not a great way to have to start your stay ! When we then enquired about car - parking the same lady on reception was once again very rude to us and could not even tell us where we should park - we had to go and locate the concierge ourselves to find this out . The hotel itself is of standard quality , but beginning to show the signs of a needed upgrade .
One of the best Travelodges . I found this hotel to be modern , clean , good value and with relatively spacious rooms with microwave oven and a few added bonuses . For a travelodge ( do n't expect five stars ) this reprensents a decent affordable stay in on of the worlds great cities . The only real downside to this hotel is it 's location in one of the poorer more eastern areas of central Sydney . but i feel this hotel is good value with good service and i would definately stay here again .
Valet parking . WARNING Do not leave your car in the hands of this hotel . The valets damaged our vehicle while parking it . When we handed over the keys to our car , they did not warn us about the risk of leaving our car with them . We have given the hotel a chance to respond but after months of phoning and emailing their employee Derek Malley and the General Manager , Jennifer Brown , they refuse to accept responsibility . If you are willing to take the risk and leave your car with this hotel , be prepared to wait 15 minutes for them to retrieve the car . Also , this hotel takes many coachloads of tourists . The porters will just leave the luggage of 100 + people across the inside entrance of the hotel . So if you are travelling alone or as a couple , be prepared to carry your own bags and to wade through miles of luggage to get out of the front entrance of the hotel .
Terrible . There are a lot of reviews you can read here , so I 'm not going to waste a lot of your time mixing words . All I would do is expand on the other negative reviews about this one star motel . I still ca n't believe I allowed them to take my money for what they delivered . They lived up to the Sheraton reputation . I guess only have myself to blame , as I was warned . Do yourself a favour , stay at the Four Seasons .
Best location , best service . Best location and best service - - that describes our experience with the Marriott Sydney Harbour . The concierges were the best we 've seen anywhere - - helpful and specific , volunteered additional information and made suggestions without being asked - - all with a smile , of course . The room was quiet , spacious and spotless . The maid even lined up the two under - counter toilet tissue rolls so they were even . The location is just a block from the harbour - - even better than a much higher priced competitor . I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone .
All you could want in Sydney . My family just returned from a lovely stay at the Harbor Marriott . The property was clean , beautiful , and could not be in a better location for shopping in the Rocks district , catching the ferry , or strolling to the Opera House . We will always be grateful to the concierge who steered us to one of the finest meals ever at Aria . Not a place just to go for the view of all Sydney Harbor at your feet - the food was truly fabulous .
Great Hotel - Cold Food . This is a great hotel with very clean and nicely appointed rooms with lovely views of the harbour . Staff were generally very friendly and we had no real problems except we felt the food was ordinary . We ordered hot food from the bar menu after coming back after a show and not only was there a long wait , it was basically cold when we got it . Cocktails were small and overpriced for what you got . The food in the buffet breakfast was cold also . I selected my food from the buffet and went straight back to my table and it was hardly warm and certainly cold by the time I was about half way through . Great location and place to stay but be careful of the food . We did n't have an evening meal in the restaurant though so I ca n't comment on that . They need to watch those food temperatures though or someone is going to end up with some serious food poisoning .
Not up to the Four Seasons name . You ca n't beat the location of the hotel - - it 's really convenient . Comfortable beds in ridiculously small rooms . Considering this is an older hotel , the decor is acceptable . The concierge staff is the best thing about the hotel . They are consistently helpful and attends to you immediately , well , at least the male ones do . Cab drivers may still refer to this hotel as the Regent or mistake your destination as Four Points hence it 's always good to say George St after you 've said Four Seasons . A lot of tour groups - - especially cruises - - stay here and that places a lot of stress on the staff , which is reflected in the degree of cleaniness in my room ( well , they could be old stains ) . Horrible coffee . Breakfast buffet is average . Lunch is good . I am concerned about the competence of the front desk staff though . They are poor in customer relations and executing their job responsibilities . I will spare the details here as they are too long to write . The management keeps promising better service the next time and despite repeated stays , I have to say that there is still much room for improvement . If you do n't mind climbing up a small slope , try the Shangri - La . Huge rooms with much better views than the Four Seasons . The staff is also more sincere in assisting customers and are incredibly good in team work and noticing customers ' needs . This should probably go to the Shang 's review . All in all , this is not your typical Four Seasons where you receive 5 - star service and 5 - star accomodations .
Over - rated Definitely over - rated . The only good thing about it is the location although the small pool area is next to a busy road and railway line which is not conducive to relaxation . The rooms were small and our TV did not work and had to be repaired . There were very limited TV channels . The room we were initially allocated reeked of tobacco smoke and it took a while to get relocated . We repeatedly had to ask for toiletries to be replaced . Over - pretentious and not good value for money . Obviously reliant on its name and location . Would not cfhoose to stay there again !
overpriced and not up to usual marriott . We are frequent marriott users and were very disappointed . The standard room was small and could have been any 4 star hotel . The worst thing was the service though . Because we were sightseeing we got back late a few nights and ate in the bar . The food took FOREVER to come and was a very limited menu and not good nor hot when it came . it was almost impossible to get a waiter to take our order for drinks and my husband ended up every night going to the bar and getting them himself . Cocktails are very overpriced , small and not very good . Seafood buffet was good though . Location of hotel great though . We highly reccommend a nearby chinese restaurant to eat - you turn out of the hotel to the right and go up an escalator in the next building along to the first floor . It looks like you are going into an office block but it . s there ! The food is wonderful as evidenced by the number of chinese eating there . Also if you go in the door before its a well hidden small shopping mall adn you can get away from the bustle of sydney in a courtyard and get a coffee , sandwich , pastry or go to the chemist or newsagent . We are huge Marriott fans but this hotel was a great dissappointment
Major Dissapointment . This place has gone DOWNHILL . I had stayed here before about 5 years ago and thought I it would be nice to be back . NO ! They have done the rooms in a more funky modern decoration rather than the luxury classic style they had before . Interestingly , this hotel USED to be a ' luxury collection ' level sheraton and they have lost that status ! ! ! ! So only in the past couple years have they lost that status and that is a bad sign . Location is good , but there are so many other better hotels right nearby that are much , much better . Do n't settle for this one . . . I 'm not going back .
Loved it ! This hotel was just fantastic . My partner and I booked it for the night he returned from a month long trip home to Saudi Arabia . It was such a wonderful hotel - the room was beautiful and the view was fantastic . I had some initial doubts about the view ( it 's not on the side of the Novotel , Ibis , etc , where the best views are ) but it was still beautiful . The room was extremely comfortable and the service was great - we ordered a club sandwhich for a late breakfast and it arrived within 15 minutes . It is the best hotel I 've stayed at in Sydney , hands down .
Comfortable , great location , good stay . Stayed for 2 nights with the family . rm was a good size , bathrm was great . Separate shower the water was powerful ! Very comfy bed . Good lighting in room - not like some of the dimly lit hotels these days . Turn down service is offered , u just hve to call housekeeping ( they actually put a note out telling u this ) . Great full lenght mirror , hair dryer they provide is powerful , plug adapter in the room . Free internet acess in lobby . room we stayed in was parkside and on checkout I queried the reception said I could hardly see the park . He explained it is NOT park VIEW but park SIDE versus the lower catogory city side - - so I guess I 'll just get the city side next time as he said the rms are the same but approx AUS $ 40 less . Restaurant service very average - seems everyone is a trainee . Vacated rm @ 1400hrs bags stored at Bell captain ' s . Paid bill @ 1900hrs left for airport . On arriving airprt saw I was missing a hand carry bag that I left in the room . Called hotel , they found it handled my call very well . But I wondered why housekeeping had not contacted the front desk and given my bag to them rather then send it straight to lost property . As I did vacate rm at 1400hrs . Bit of inter department communication needed here .
Three comfortable weeks at the Holiday Inn Darling Harbour . We spent 3 weeks in January at this hotel for business / pleasure and were very pleased with the room and service we received . We splurged on a suite which made for a very comfortable stay . Only thing that really needed improvement was the fitness room . It is very small and the machines are in desperate need of updating . The suite could also use a microwave oven . Location is fantastic for getting around the CBD and Darling Harbour . Train system is maybe a 10 minute walk to Town Hall station . If you enjoy Asian food you will be in Heaven - Chinatown starts here .
A disappointment . We have just stayed at Holiday Inn for 6 days . This is not our first time staying here but this time was a real disappointment . We booked our accommodation a long time before our stay , we were give a rate which was very reasonable and were told this had to be paid straight away to get that rate , well after many phone calls to them when we arrived for our stay the charge had still not been put through and when we left it was still not charged . Finally after we were home the charge went through on credit card , and we are not happy with the charge but have not received an emailed invoice which we had asked for . Our room was not cleaned while we were there , clean towels were supplied and that was all . I spilled some tea on the floor on our first night and it was still there when we left , and rubbish bins were not emptied , but biscuits which we had bought did disappear . On our last night I had a call from housekeeping to ask if we were happy with the cleaning . I had not at that stage mentioned anything to them about it , so this indicates to me they must of had other complaints re housekeeping . One night we attempted to have a snack meal in the restaraunt , this was necessary as the bar was closed for renovations , something I think we should of been told before we arrived , because as we were there in a group , this was a place we had used alot on previous visits . This meal would have to be the worst dining experience I have had anywhere . On entering the restaruant we were told by other guests just leaving not to go there as it was terrible , as we were only having snacks we thought it should be ok , how wrong were were . There we 10 of us in our group , we all ordered drinks , of which our first two choices of wine and beer were not available , in the end out of 10 of us 3 people got a drink . The food was not much better , most of it was cold , and most was sent back , to be reheated . In the end 2 of our group left with nothing to eat at all . The staff on duty were very rude and immature , even slamming doors . When we said we were going to complain the attitude of the manager that night , changed and she tried to be oh so pleasant . They did not charge us for the 3 drinks in the end , but this was far from satisfactory . We made a written complaint to the hotel to which no reply has been received . We have stayed here many times before and the location is just fabulous . This time has been a real let down . Once before when we stayed we had a really noisy room and as the hotel was full we could not be moved , I was told that on my next visit I would receive a discount , this has never been received . I feel that the communication skills of the staff need to be addressed .
A Great Experience . View of the room
very noisy . i stayed only one night in this hotel in april 2008 at the end of our australian trip . The hotel is located nearby china town . I must say , that it was very noisy . We had a room at the back of the hotel and we heard the airconditioning machines from the buildings across the street . When you have a room to the street , you have the monorail directly in front of your window . So it is hard to find a quiet room . Overall the best years of this hotel are over . I also stood in the novotel darling harbour , it was cheaper and better . I would not choose this hotel again .
Typical business hotel . We stayed 4 nights at this hotel and were n't expecting that much and our expectations were confirmed . It is not a bad hotel by any means and it is perfect for the business traveller but we were on our honeymoon and it was good enough to lay our head down after a long day . The hotel staff are friendly enough and the room we were given was a harbour view room which was nice and clean . However , the location for visitors is n't great . It was about 15 - 20 min walk to the Sydney Opera house which was n't a problem for us as we prefer to walk everywhere anyway but I can imagine those who want the sites on their doorstep would n't be too pleased . From our hotel we walked everywhere and not just to the ' typical ' tourist spots including around north and east Sydney which was great . Sydney itself it an awesome place and I 'd love to go back but would stay somewhere different . The hotel was fine for the business man / woman but not really for tourists .
Excellent hotel in convenient location . We enjoyed five nights at the Sydney Travelodge on Wentworth Avenue . The location is excellent being within easy walking distance of the CBD through Hyde Park , Darling Harbour , Oxford Street restaurants and Museum Railway Station is three minutes walk away where one can catch a train to Circular Quay . We were given a room on the top floor ( 18th ) and enjoyed interesting views of the city and beyond . The room was very quiet , in fact we heard no noise at all from the street or adjoining rooms . The room was simple but very comfortable and clean . The provision of microwave , crockery and cutlery is excellent for those on a budget and we found a Coles Supermarket eight minutes walk away where we purchased food . There are a number of smaller more expensive convenience stores closer to the Hotel . Our room was serviced each day and we enjoyed coming back to our room each evening after a busy day sightseeing and finding fresh towels etc . Overall , we found the Sydney Travelodge to be good value for money . It is a good , basic , no frills Hotel .
mixed feelings about hotel . I stayed in the hotel on 21 June 2008 . I was a bit disappointed because I originally booked ( through the Marriott website ) a non - smoking king bed room . We checked in very early on 21 June and our room was not ready , so we came back late in the peace . When we came back to the hotel , we were given a double bed smoking room . I was extremely disappointed with this , as I specifically asked that my preference would be a non - smoking room double bed , but I got smoking . I had previously stayed at the Marriott in Victoria , Canada in 2007 and was very impressed with the facilities and location . Unfortunately , with these expectations in mind , I was expecting that the Sydney Harbourside Marriott would be the same - unfortunately , it was n't as good . I do have to say that the Marriott in Victoria was recently renovated in the last year , but the Harbourside Marriott has not been and I saw this in the room . For those who were thinking of staying in a opera house room ( I stayed in one of these rooms on the 19th floor ) , it is not quite what you think . You can see the opera house , but the view is seen through in between 2 buildings to the left and right of the window - you do n't have a 180 degree view which looks directly onto the opera house ( if that makes any sense ) . Also , your room faces east , so when you go and open the blinds in the morning , the sun comes directly into your room / face and blinds you . I do not recall seeing in the room a USB port ( which I saw at the Victoria Marriott ) which would have been handy to charge an ipod ( for example ) . The reason why I 'm posting this post is because of something that happened on the evening of 21 June , which I was a bit concerned about . I went down to the health club on Saturday evening around 7pm . Firstly , the spa was empty and did not have any water in it ( was covered up ) . So if you have expectations of having a spa in the winter at this Marriott , forget it ! Secondly , for those who have children and were thinking about using the pool , the pool does not have a shallow depth for you to stand on ( I was planning to do some aqua exercises and couldn ' t , because I 'm short and could n't touch the bottom of the swimming pool without my head being submerged ! ) . The pool is 1 . 4 metres deep all the way around . Nice pool , despite this . Finally , the biggest concern for me was that I was there for 40 minutes and the health club in that time was not manned . I was appalled because of the swimming pool and the dangers of children drowning - too bad , no one was there to save you if you drowned . Also , there are lockers , but at the time I was there , there was no keys for the lockers , so you could use them . I went to the desk and because it was n't manned , I could n't get help , The sauna was very nice , I must admit ( though it was not steaming when I was there - it was nice and hot ! ) . With the Bvlgari pack you get , you only get one soap bar , bath salts and something else for ONE person ( not for 2 people ) . We also did n't have bathrobes in our room , so that was a bit sad . Finally , the buffet breakfast is good ( on the whole ) . The fruit was very sweet and nice ( given the fact that it is winter in Sydney ) . Do n't go at 10am - we had to queue for 10 minutes before getting a table ! I forgot to mention - the location is excellent - 2 minutes walk from the airport train and circular quay . Loved the location of the hotel . You pay for the location though . Walking distance to many things .
Small rooms . . . but who cares ! I am originally from Sydney , and make a point of staying at this hotel whenever in Sydney . It can not be beaten for overall value . There are some other lovely hotels in Sydney eg . W , Park Hyatt ( a personal favourite ) , but the Four Seasons presents the best value without a doubt . The location is great , if you can get a harbour view room on a relatively high floor , you will not be disappointed . Whilst being very used to the amazing service one experiences throughout hotels in Asia , and always being shocked and disappointed when visiting hotels in places like Australia and the US , I find the Four Seasons service to be great - and I am a fussy camper . Yes the rooms are small , and the desk faces the wall , which is never pleasant if you need to do some work in your room , but try to get out and about and enjoy Sydney for what it is . There might not be many TV channels , as mentioned in someone elses review . . . but again . . . who cares ! You should n't be in Sydney to sit in your room and watch TV . The down side would be that the rooms are noisy ie . doors closing in rooms next door etc . Many of the staff are knowledgeable and friendly , but not over the top . The room service is excellent . . . but do try to get out and enjoy some of the great restaurants within a short walk .
Altamont does it right ! My husband and I like to stay in boutique hotels and B B 's when we travel international . The Altamont has everything you would hope for in a hotel . Location , cleanliness , affordability , and a staff at their best . Alan and Sam were always available to answer our questions ; they treated us as if you were a guest in their home . We could easily walk to anywhere in Sydney we wanted to go , and the restaurants around the hotel were terrific . Alan 's a great reference for restaurant info . The room we stayed in was very clean , and the bed very comfortable . My husband loved the powerful shower . The continental breakfast was all you needed to get your day going . It as nice to have a washer and dryed on site to do your laundry . The price was the icing on the cake . Also the fellows at the liquor store next door are fun to shoot the breeze with ; they have some info for you too . If you do n't stay at the Altamont when you 're in Sydney , you 've missed out on a great experience . In years to come if we 're able to survive the 28 hour travel time from the States ; we 'll certainly book ourselves into the Altamont .
Not Your Best Bet in Sydney . Felt like we wasted a bunch of money for three nights in mid - November 2004 . As mentioned , rooms were smallish but more than that - the lobby is dowdy and staff hide behind their counters . None of us ever actually had the doorman open the door for us . The rooms are also set up so there are often three doors next to each other and one can hear the foot traffic . Good : Hotel is really in Circular Quay - which means it is very convenient to Starbucks and the ferry boats . Linens were nice and the gym staff were excellent . Very relaxing private spa feel to locker room and clean equipment . Bad : Largest outdoor hotel pool in Sydney is n't saying much for Sydney . Concierge staff always glued to their headsets and never seem to finish with their other clients . Bit far if you 'd like to travel to the shopping areas . I 'd say try the nearby Shangri - La .
A little bit dated . I have no doubt that 15 years ago this was the most grand hotel in Sydney . It is n't now however , but they are still charging like it is . My experience was n't bad , in fact the staff where wonderful , the room was pleasant and the facilities where Ok , its just that when I pay just shy of $ AUD400 a night I expect more . I have previously reviewed the Sheraton on the Park in Sydney and would like to add it beats the four seasons in every category quite convincingly and especially as much more often you can score a deal on one of the booking sites with it than you can at the Four Seasons . My major negative with the whole place was it is just a bit dated and they will really need to spend big dollars soon to maintain a five star rating which I personally feel rating groups give out way to freely . Another thing that caused me irritation was I was running late for a meeting and had to quickly iron a shirt . Unfortunately the room had no iron so I had to call housekeeping and 30 mins later I had my iron and I was now really late for my meeting . Why the hell would n't a major hotel just put an iron in the room ? ? Other than that the other facilities such as the pool area were OK without making you feel you where at a five star establishment . Overall in no way would I rate it bad however compared to some of its peers I just felt it did n't quite measure up .
Great location , average hotel room . We stayed here for a week at the beginning of August . We have stayed at other Four Seasons before so we were really looking forward to this part of our trip . The location was excellent for tourists , right beside circular quay . However , the room was quite disappointing . Small and dated . We have been to Sydney a couple times before and experienced rooms in the city to be quite small . However , we had expected more from the Four Seasons . So room was disappointing . I do n't know if they were having a busy week or not , but the service was also only average . After the first night , I asked the front desk if an upgrade was available to a harbourview room ( ready to pay the upgrade price ) . The desk said they will look into it and let me know . I told her we will be out for the day and expected to come back to some good news . Not only did we not get good news , we got no news at all . They never got back to me that day or any day of our trip . I decided not to bother following up as we were n't in the room too often anyways . However , the hotel was disappointing . The Shangri - La was right behind the hotel and seemed to tower over the Four Seasons as a newer , bigger hotel . I will try another luxury hotel the next time I am in Sydney .
Not a typical Four Seasons . We often stay at the Four Seasons ( when the price is right ) . . . but this location really did n't live up to the standards of the hotel 's reputation . The room smelled somewhat damp moldy . The room was very small and overall unimpressive . This is the only Four Seasons ( so far ) that has not lived up to the name . . . it feels like a ' re - labeled hotel ' . . . The only good things about the hotel were location and room views . The view came at a price though . This leaves the only benefit to its location . So . . . if you can find a location close to the attractions you are interested in . . . save the money . . . Be sure to try to see a show at the Opera House . . . it is a good experience . . . and one of the few things to do in Sydney . . . besides visiting the Rocks area . . . and of course seeing Aboriginal Buskers and the Bridge Climb . . . As an insider tip . . . walk all the way across the bridge and then underneath for great photo ops of the city . . . we were the only people ( tourists ) over there . . . it was a great peaceful escape . . .
Officially 5 stars - 4 star prices - 2 star standard of rooms . We were looking forward to our stay ( after visiting only BBs in OZ ) and were very dissapointed . The rooms are out of date , they are dirty , the technoligy ( TV etc . ) is bad . . . . Do n't go , even if you get a good deal ( like we did ) . Only : The Location is perfect for starting the day ( ferries etc . nearby ) .
Great location , shabby rooms , renovations involve lots of grinding . This was a Priority Club PointBreaks award stay for me - the hotel is offering award nights for only 5 , 000 points , probably because of the renovations . During the day there is a lot of grinder / jackhammer noise going on , though evenings and mornings until 8:30 AM are quiet . With my award stay my effective rate is US $ 50 per night - and I would n't pay more to stay here in the future . While its Darling Harbour location is very good and you can easily walk to the DH sights and attractions , the rooms themselves are shabby and not well maintained . Furniture is marred , nicked , scratched and worn . My room had several obvious paint patches , some of which are drywall patches that have n't been re - painted to match . Sheer drapes are yellowed and worn . The bathroom is small and outdated . Hallway carpet is appalling in its appearance and hallways have a musty odor . Cleanliness in the rooms seems good - the property simply is n't spending on maintenance . The king bed was comfortable though on casters , for some reason , making it move a bit when you got in . TV channel selection is about 12 channels . Views are so - so at best and there are no real water views from this hotel . If location is your priority you might consider this property at a very low rate . Otherwise , there are many better choices in Darling Harbour .
Anniversary . Four Point hotel from bridge
An awful stay . Stayed here for 4 nights . This would be the worst place I have stayed , staff were totally imcopetent and rude and when we finally got food it was not fit for human consumption . Everything was blamed on alterations taking place , even the fact that drinks could not be supplied . Rooms were not clean and smelt musty . Looked like there had been a flood in our room . Backpackers lodge would be better and you would be treated better . Staff up to management level were not interested in complaints either .
Stunning City Hotel . Ship view
Very good stay . water splashed on every shower
High quality hotel in business district . Stayed here for a week on business . Good quality hotel central to the business district and on the edge of Darlng Harbour with plenty of restaurants and bars . Ask for a harbour view ( and insist on it being free - as they will concede eventually ) as the view is superb . Good rates including breakfast ( which is excellent ) . Would recommend this to anyone . Location is about 2 streets from the main tourist areas and a 20 minute walk from the old town .
Not a hotel for leisure clients . We checked into the hotel at 18 . 30 on a week night ( this August - stayed two nights ) and were told that our room was not ready yet ( check in time at the hotel is 14 . 00 ) . We got given some coupons for a drink at the bar and were given a room at 19 . 30 . We had requested and paid a Harbour view ( the receptionist was actually on the verge of giving me a city view but I think she noticed I was extremely angry at the time and somehow found one harbour view available ) . Nice views and a good sized room and an extremely comfortable bed . . . It has a very corporate look to the whole hotel . We had opted out of breakfast which was a good decision in the end as the queues for the buffet were outrageous ! Plenty of breakfast places nearby . We thought the hotel was mainly for corporate clients and did not feel extremely welcoming for leisure guests . I would not recomend this hotel for tourists wanting to spend a few days in Sydney as it has not got a relaxed feel to the hotel and one can get better 4* hotels for the price ( eg . Radisson Plaza Sydney , great hotel ! ) .
Wrong Hotel . Our view from the hotel
Make it your first choice for a stay in Sydney . I regularly stay at the Swissotel for work purposes , I have stayed at most of the major hotels in Sydney some good some terrible . The Swissotel is always my first choice to stay , whatever they do it seems to be smooth and easy with no hassles . I stayed once and the aircon did not work , no hassle they upgraded me next stay at no extra cost . So what would I say if asked about the Swissotel . Make it your first choice for a stay in Sydney
Enjoyed the Marriott . We were there last month at the start and end of our honeymoon and really enjoyed staying here . The staff knew it was our honeymoon and bumped us to an Executive Level Suite - it was a nice size , 2 bathrooms and a fabulous view of the Opera House . Also , they sent a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine . It was very clean , service was great - concierge was very helful with directions , making dinner reservations , etc - and it is a great location for tourists . Easy access to Opera House , Botanic Gardens , bridge walk , buses , ferries to beaches . There did not seem to be a ton of nightlife and some other areas looked funkier with more interesting shops , bars , maybe cheaper dining options . But it was great if you only have a few days in town and want to hit the big attractions . The Executive Lounge was nice - not sure its worth it if you pay for it ( which we did during our end stay ) but there is a nice buffet breakfast , soft beferages all day , and a pretty good cocktail hour ( 2 hrs food , 4 hours drinks ) . Overall , we highly recommend it for a business stay or a first - timer to Sydney .
' Luxury Budget Hotel ' . Our group decided to try Hotel Altamont because of the cheap nightly rates . We had 5 people staying at the hotel and we only paid $ 137 per night ( $ 28 per person per night ) , which is actually cheaper then staying at backpackers . Upon arriving , we were surpised to see a small yet cozy hotel and were greeted upon by the friendly manager . We stayed upstairs where the room was very large and the bathroom was well presented . Another door also connected our room to the rooftop area which was an extra bonus ! We were definitely pleased with the service and with such a well presented hotel and the cheap rates we got more than we bargined for ! The hotel was only 3 minutes walk to the Kings Cross railway station which was really convenient and the hotel was located in a very safe area . We definitely recommend this hotel to anyone ! Thanks again to the staff at Altamont !
Might be okay on a budget . . . Good location , great neighborhood . The hotel looked very good online and had a certain Bohemian chic to it in person . The bed itself was spacious , comfortable and clean . The room in general also seemed clean , but the mold in the bathroom was so overwhelming we had to check out early to avoid it affecting my husband 's allergies and asthma . Manager gave us no problems over our early check out .
Good stay at the Swissotel . We stayed at the Swissotel for 6 nights in late November . It 's well - situated - only one block away from Town Hall station and an easy walk from Darling Harbour and Circular Quay . There was a building site next door , but we had no experience with noise from this . The staff were very polite and helpful , and the room was lovely . A good size room with a king - size bed which was very comfortable . I slept very well there ! The bathroom was a good size . All very clean and pleasant . We did n't eat at the hotel or have a drink there - we had breakfast just over the road in the cafe , which was lovely . The bar seemed very popular though . Some people have complained about having to get 2 lifts to their room . . . this is really not a problem and should n't put you off ! There 's no need to find your way through a shopping centre first as some seem to have suggested ! All in all , a very comfortable stay !
Excellant room with average service . We arrived at the Four Seasons 1 hour ahead of the check - in time of 3 . pm on the slim chance that a room would be available . Please come back in an hour , we did and the room still was not ready ? The piano was playing and the doors were being opened but the basic service was not available . We finally obtained our room after another 15 minutes with our bags to follow . After waiting 1 . 5 hours we still had not received our bags . Called reception your bags are top priority Sir , 20 minutes later they arrived ? After these experiences we did not try the meals etc . but opted to eat out . We tried The Waterfront ( excellent service food ) and The Italian Village ( excellent service food ) , both are located a short walk ( 150 metres ) from the Four Seasons just past the Overseas Shipping Terminal . The Opera House View room was excellent with 2 windows , 1 with Opera House 1 with city views . Plenty of room with king size bed , lounge , table , fridge , robes TV cabinet etc . The bathroom was huge ( ' L shaped ) with a separate vanity area , huge bath , fantastic shower , fluffy towels , robe slippers . The room was meant to be non - smoking but had ashtrays ? Overall the location and facility is excellent just the service is uncoordinated .
Not up to the usual expections of a Four Seasons . Four Seasons Sydney is a takeover of a prior hotel - - I think the Regent . The rooms are small but well appointed . We had a full harbor view room and the view was great . The front desk staff was friendly , but the concierge desk was shortstaffed , misinformed , unintelligent and screwed up reservations that we had made with them in advance . They did fix the mistakes but were very disorganized . The maid service and trundown were intermittent - - and when they did come they didnt even leave a card at night with the weather for the next day . I have stayed in many Four Seasons hotels and this site is not up to the others . However , there location is fantastic , and maybe that is enough for them .
Good Location . Swissotel Sydney is in a great location and the unusual hotel entrance is no problem . Our first impession of the reception area was very good nice and open and modern . Check in was very smooth and even though we arrived at 8 . 00am our room was ready . The room on the 22nd floor gave good views over the city and was spacious and well presented . The room had a large comfortable bed , good size flat screen tv and space for a sofa as well as a desk . The bathroom was large and very clean with both a bath and seperate shower and was very impressive . Overall the service from all the staff was very good especailly on the lounge floor , this is well worth the extra cost . The only problem and issue was with regard to the bed linen , the sheets on the bed and duvet cover were not that new to say the least but housekeeping swifly sorted this out , however the replacement bed cover was still stained and had frankly seen better days . I would expect a better attention to detail in a hotel of this standard . Apart from this fairly minor issue I must say trhat this is the best hotel I have stayed in , in Sydney and would use it again .
The Altamont Hotel . First impressions of hotel : A small old hotel now chain - owned . Rooms : Terrible . Ancient furniture and TV . Filthy . Bathroom had smeared tiles . We did n't look forward to returning to our rooms at night after a day of touring . Beds : Okay . Went to the liquor store , made a few drinks and slept well . Breakfast : Almost nothing . Service : Average . Location : Did n't work for us . Too far away from everything . Verdict : Unless it was a very very good deal , we would not go here again .
Faultless and great value . This hotel was simply faultless for the price . I have travelled extensively and I found this property comparative to any in the world . We travelled to Sydney for my brother 's wedding and had a number of rooms on a range of floors and all were of a high standard - the showers are incredible . We also had a range of needs in terms of room types that changed on very short notice and the staff were very accommodating even though the hotel was full . Further , my mother is disabled and the staff could not have been more helpful and understanding of her needs . I recommend making the most of the facilities - the steam room is lovely . The location is great and we even tried the bistro for dinner one night and the meal was great . That said we also used the cafes around the hotel as there are plenty of options . This hotel is great and we will be heading back as soon as possible !
Awful service and overcharged for the privilege . We stayed at the Sheraton on the Park in Jan 07 and have been thoroughly disappointed with the Hotel . Upon our check out we were shocked to find ( on our card statement ) that the Hotel had charged us twice for the same room at varying rates . Naturally , one telephones the Hotel to give them the opportunity to correct the problem which we did . After speaking with a reservation staff member , I was informed that they needed to contact a Manager and they would call me back as soon as possible . As the amount on my card which had been tied up needed to be used , I enquired with them as to whether the call would be sometime that night . I was assured that this would happen . Alas no call was received and in fact none was forthcoming the following morning . I had to then follow up again after lunch the next day and was given some spiel about an error being made and they could not do anything about it for a few days . This was completely ridiculous . No real apology or anything . When I enquired as to why I never got a phone call to explain , I was just informed that they did not know . Again no apology . Apparently a Manager is going to call me but I am not holding my breath - they did not really seem to be interested in the problem . I note from this forum that others have also been overcharged so it seems to be a consistent problem for this one star customer service establishment . I could not recommend this Hotel to anyone quite frankly .
Lousy Service ! ! ! We stayed there for a week . the rooms and housekeeping is ok . except that they do nor provide the basic toothbrush . though complementary , we need to call for housekeeping to get them . . . rooms are ok . comfy . first day when we checked in , we double confirmed with our breakfast for the week . the recept said yes , we had breakfast . . all was well , when the next morning , we came down for breakfast , and we were told that our breakfast is not included in the rooms . . we gave them all references and they confirmed that no breakfast included . we were disappointed , confirmed with our agent the next day , and realised that the recept got it wrong . so the first day wasted for us . this is not the worst , no apologies . . nvm . about the internet , it is chargeable at A $ 0 . 55 per min , and a max of A $ 27 . 50 per dayso we double confirmed with the recept that max A $ 27 . 50 per day she said yes , and we only have got one point . so guess wat , we were billed double . cause me n my friend have got 2 diff laptops and this was not even stated that it is based on per computer . and when the bill arrives , the recept was rude and kept saying that . . . too bad . . . u never read . . . hahaworst week there ! ! ! amenities are good , only that the service staff there sucks . . . beware ! ! SingaporePPs
Nice stay . We stayed at the Four Points on a Saturday night . The room was nice , the view was great , staff very friendly and helpful , and the breakfast the next morning was lovely . The hotel is in a great position only a short walk to King Street wharf and the Aquarium . The only complaint was the sounds coming from the pipes after we got back to our room around midnight . We called the front desk and they came up to our room immediately . They thought it may be next door 's shower and could n't do anything about it . The noise eventually stopped after about 45 minutes .
Great value for the price . I was a bit worried when I booked - I needed somewhere to stay for a week and thought Id made a mistake staying in a Travelodge . However , from the moment I arrived I was impressed . I asked to stay on the top floor as the reviews on here said it was noisy lower down . So I was put on the 18th floor . The room was small , but spotlessly clean , modern and quite well designed . The bathroom was very clean and quite cleverly arranged . One review said water went everywhere , but we didnt have this problem . The kitchenette was useful - but you really cant cook anything substantial here - it is tiny . The lifts were quick , staff really helpful , the room didnt seem to be cleaned every day but we didnt mind too much . The location is great . 5 min walk to Hyde Park and near some good restaurants . nly slight bit of ad vice - we were put in room next to the lifts and the doors are n't very soundproofed . We were awoken a few times by people coming out of the lifts . Id ask to be placed along the corridoors . Minor problem though . Would definately stay here again if I got a good deal . We paid 99 AUD a night !
Nice Hotel but Not Great Hotel . I did alot of research in finding a hotel to stay at since I do our company 's travel and accommodation bookings . We were tossing up between 4 Points , Intercontinental and Shangri La and chose 4 Points because of the balcony , locality and reviews from Trip Advisor . The hotel and staff were nice enough but we were disappointed with our suite , which was a Cockle Bay suite with a balcony . As there were 3 of us , one utlised the sofa bed which was very small . The view was lovely but since we stayed at Quay West last time , much preferred the view of the Opera House . Darling Harbour is nice esp if you have kids but to compare with Circular Quay , would prefer to stay there . We paid more for the suite at 4 Points than for a 2 bedroom at Quay West last year but got an amazing view and huge suite at Q . W . Also the sliding door at 4 Points was so noisy and hard to pull and you did n't have any chairs to be able to sit outside . We were also disappointed as I thought there would have been a nice late night bar with a view as hotels such as Shangri La and Intercontinental had . Although we have a child it was a child free weekend so we were hoping to live it up a bit . I also agree with another review on the shower facilities . For what you pay , rooms need a refurbishment . All in all , we were disappointed but for some I know its a great hotel and understand , just depends on what you like and prefer .
Loved It ! - - Orange County , CA , USA We booked our vacation to Australia ( Sydney Melbourne ) through Qantas Vacations . We chose this hotel in Sydney because we wanted to be close enough to the city center but also wanted to be right by the harbour . We stayed at the hotel for a week in July . Our flight from Los Angeles arrived early in the morning and we were at the hotel by 8am . They could n't check us in right away because our room was n't ready yet so they told us it will be ready at 10am . No problem , we just left our luggage there and we walked down the street and got breakfast at this little deli nearby with reasonable prices for breakfast and sandwiches rather than getting breakfast at the Corn Exchange restaurant at the hotel . After breakfast , we went back to the hotel and lounged around by one of the many sitting areas around the lobby of the hotel and then we checked in at 10am as promised . The room was a good size room and we had two double beds and a sofa bed . The room had plenty of space for 3 people to move around even with 6 luggage laying around the room . The room was nicely equipped with a mini bar , tv , coffee maker , safe , closet , iron , desk , etc . The bathroom was big and had all the amenities we needed ( hair dryers , toilletries , international plugs , etc . ) . The room was clean and housekeeping always kept our room tidy and in order by the time we get back to our hotel later in the day . The view from our room was fantastic ! We had a view of the harbor and the bridge , and right across the Maritime Museum . We later realized we can actually also see the sea lion house in the Sydney Acquarium from our hotel room . The room was quiet , we did n't hear noise from our neighbors . The people at the reception area were so friendly and accommodating . The people at the concierge were also very friendly , accommodating and were just so helpful in getting us the information we needed and also some discounts to places , tours , etc . that we were n't aware of . The hotel is so close to the Victoria shopping center , you can just walk up the hill and get there . We would just walk around the corner to get to the harbor and catch a ferry going to The Rocks and the Sydney Opera House . If you 're in a group of 3 or 4 people , I suggest to take a cab to get to the Rocks area or even the Sydney Bridge area since taking the ferry ( + walk ) to get to that area did n't really save much money , sometimes it actually cost more to pay for single tickets to take the ferry . Downtown is not far at all , even taking a cab is n't as heavy on the wallet either . But there is plenty of good public transport to get you around wherever you need to be ( ferry , bus , tram ) . The tram is just up the hill from the hotel and you can catch that to get you to places as well . There 's a little store in front of the hotel where you can get some goodies and snacks and bring them back to your hotel and use the mini fridge to store soda , water , etc . and should help save money from having to use the mini - bar stuff . All in all , we really loved our stay at this hotel and we 'd go back and stay there again . My friends and I are quite picky with hotels so we were quite pleased with Four Points Sheraton 's location , room , and the overall service of the hotel . Liked : Room , Staff , Location Disliked : Food prices at the hotel restaurant can be steep ( but so are most restaurants at any hotel for that matter ) Tips : Eat breakfast at a deli nearby the hotel , cheaper ! Also , take a trip to Manly Beach if you have time , quite picturesque and the view from the ride on the ferry on the way there is pretty .
great location , bad service . stayed at the darling harbour holiday inn . The location was great , right there at China town , restaurants everywhere , the monorail station is also nearby . Paddy 's market is like 2 mins walk . Rooms were however very small . We were given the 1st floor rooms , and we were right under the monorail track , however noise was not a problem . Service is terrible . Staffs at the front desk were impatient , I made an enquiry about internet access from the room and the person on the phone was rude and unhelpful . Very shocking and unpleasant encounter .
Wow , what a place . This hotel is right on Darling Harbour , we had a fantastic view of the harbour . The rooms are large and clean and a good price . The staff were very friendly and helpful . The hotel is within easy walking distance of various restaurants , cafes , bars and shops . Would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Sydney
Great hotel , Great location . . . only about a 10 minute walk from the Quay . Nice rooms , comfortable beds , and very friendly staff . The views are n't that great , but then again , how much time do you actually spend in the room ? A few words of advice . Skip the breakfast buffet . It 's overpriced and is not that great . You 'd be better off going out on the town and finding breakfast at a cafe or restaurant . Also . . the seafood buffet that they have on Saturday nights is very good . A little expensive , but it is a good alternative if you do not feel like going out on the town for dinner .
Basic but good enough . The hotel is a fair distance from the city centre but very close to Hyde Park . The hotel provides a basic service . Breakfast is the only meal served and guests are encouraged to eat out or order take - away [ directory provided in the room of various restaurants ] . Each room has a microwave , kitchen area and laundry rooms are available on various floors . So it is very much a self - serve hotel . In general the hotel is clean and rooms are cleaned daily .
excellent . This was our first hotel in Australia . The pre - ordered limo whisked us in no time to the hotel . After the 20 + hour flight we felt like arriving in a haven of tranquility . A hotel like this is just what you want after such a trip . Sure this is no designer or ' boutique ' hotel , but it is everything a good solid luxury hotel should be . Our room ( executive suite ) was superbly comfortable , with off course the wonderful Marriott bed and a good view of the harbour and opera house . From this prime position we watched the QM2 and QE2 glide into Sydney harbour . We took breakfast and evening drinks in the executive lounge , which made us feel very privileged . In our room we had wireless internet acces . My husband needed medical attention during our stay , this was organized with a minimum of hassle . Every staff member we had dealings with was courteous and efficient . I recommand this hotel and when I visit Sydney again I will certainly stay here again .
terrible reception service ! The hotel is very charming but the service is almost brutal . I dared asking why was I charged 139 instead of the advertised 109 and the man at the reception instead of answering me walked to my son of 4 playing at the pool table and grabbed the ball he was playing with saying babies ca n't use it . He never bothered answering to me , he just walked away . The third bed in the bedroom was n't made on arrival , on asking if it could be made we only found the sheets on top of the bed and had to make it ourselves . We received only two towels for three people and no bath mat , one key for 3 people , the room is cold for our standards , I 'd say about 18 degrees and internet wireless reception in room 9 is almost nihl ( although we 're charged for it ) . Yes it 's charming and beautifully done , but I 'm not happy nor would I suggest it . Guglielmoh
Sydney , An excellent place to visit and stay with your loved ones . Swissotel Sydney
Not Four Seasons Caliber . The hotel is adequate , but certainly not of typical Four Seasons caliber . The rooms are tiny , the bathrooms are even smaller , the look of the hotel is dated , and many rooms smell of smoke ( even on non - smoking floors ) . My husband and I switched rooms three times and concluded that all the rooms in the hotel smell like smoke and are small . One more word on the smell : we had them send an air purifier to our room on two separate occasions and it made no difference either time . Of course , however , because it is a Four Seasons , certain elements of the hotel were great . The room views were awesome ( we overlooked the harbor and saw both the Harbour Bridge and Opera House from our window ) and breakfast buffet is delicious . The bar downstairs is very happening ( great live jazz ) , and they serve delicious munchies with all drinks . Location was great ( right in the center of everything ) and the gym was large and had nice equipment . If in Syndey again , I would not stay at this hotel . It truly is n't of the FS standard and I believe that another hotel could easily outshine this dated Four Seasons .
Needs a refurbishment . When you book to stay in a four seasons you expect a minimum level of luxury and comfort in your stay . We stayed here as part of our honeymoon and i can safely say that the place lets the four seasons brand down and has made us question whether we will ever choose this brand again . It screams 1970 ' s ! This hotel was part of our honeymoon and if you are looking for somewhere special . This is most definately not the place for you , The only thing that i would say are true 5* are the breakfasts and the porters . Everything else is certainly not . The room was tiny we paid for a full harbour view which we got but the room smelt musty and the bathroom was tiny and not that great . The pool area was horendus . Really realaxing with a motorway equivilent that you can see whilst you are sun bathing and generally a shabby area .
Best Radisson . I 've Stayed In This hotel from it 's spacious and tasteful rooms to the great breakfast to the wonderful staff was one of the best hotel experiences I have had . Check in was quick and we were able to get in at 10am . The staff were courteous and helpful ( although in Australia this seems to be the norm ) . Our room was great ! ! The Concierge helped in booking a few tours and they really went above and beyond even exceeding my expectations . They noticed that we were out late clubbing and probably would n't like to go early so they arranged afternoon tours and even had the items sent to our room and placed under the door as not to disturb us . All of the staff were great but I if you can get Darren at the concierge to help you out , he 's the best . I will for sure stay at this hotel again if I am in Sydney and would highly recommend it to anyone .
very disappointed with service . Location for this hotel is great but the service and attention was not Shereton . I travelled woth my 4 year old son off a long haul flight from UAE . On arrival room not ready and proceeded to hit me up for another night accomodation . Room service , telephone calls cost were over the top and inacceptable . Asked for my breakfast be be delivered to my room as my son was ill from the flight . . wouldnt do that so it took my son to vomit on their restaurant floor to get some attention . This hotel is a business Hotel mon - fri deal not for international travellors or anyone that expects some service and attention ( yes most of us ) . I am very disappointed as I am originally from Sydney . Did I complain well yes but it fell on typical Australian deaf ears . Suggestion . . try Hilton !
Fantastic Location . Stayed here in August 2005 on our first visit to Australia . The staff were OK but only a few of them gave you a genuine smile . The 8th floor Harbour View room was excellent with a stunning view across the whole of Darling Harbour . The bed was huge but a bit too soft . The location is brilliant as all the major sites are within walking distance as well as the best shopping areas . There are some top restaurants in Darling Harbour and many others are just minutes away . You really ca n't go wrong with this location . We will definitely be back one day .
Decent hotel . Stayed here during mid - January . Rooms were small but adequate and staff were as polite and efficient as those at most other hotels . The benefits of this hotel are it 's location and it 's price ( web specials at AS $ 99 ! ) . The downside is that there is an absolute inflexibility on the part of staff to release rooms before 2pm - a little frustrating if arriving on an early flight . All in all very good value .
hardly 5 - star service . I stayed at the Sheraton for three nights in April 2006 . Unfortunately , the whole stay was like a comedy of errors . Firstly , I was overcharged $ 300 for the stay , and had to have the correct charge confirmed by the reception manager . During my stay , I tried to contact the concierge desk at least three times regarding dinner reservations . No one was available to answer the phone at any time I called over the weekend . Apparently , they had trouble with the phones ! Breakfast at the brasserie was disorganised . I had been waiting outside for a table . When I was called in , I was told sorry , please wait outside again , the table has just been given to someone else . When I finally did get a table , there was no chef around to do the eggs , and most of the food platters were empty . Upon departure , I tried to order a taxi for the airport , but again there was no answer . Overall , the service at this hotel was disappointing and staying at Sheraton on the Park in Sydney is not recommended ! Try the Park Hyatt or the Hilton instead .
Spot On . Veiw From Room
Great hotel Great location in the heart of sydney close to Circular Quay . Our room was big and has a great bathroom - absolutely spotless . Ate in the bar one night and food was good if a bit expensive but I guess you expect that in Sydney ! ! Friendly and helpful staff who booked restaurant tables for us etc . and checked us in early morning after a long flight ! ! ! Small Gym but decent pool . Great hotel for the price .
Dreadfull Hotel . My parents stayed at this hotel last year and found it to be excellent and this is why I chose this hotel . BUT while the bed was Comfortable and the room tidy it was very noisy due to overlooking the back laneway . I was allocated a non smoking room but torists were smoking on the floor so smelled strongly of cigarette smoke . Room was booked direct with Hotel ( not their website ) and credit card number taken so room could be charged to the card . I was advised this was all fine . HOWEVER on arriving at hotel was told this was not noted on their records and I would have to pay cash for the room plus a A $ 100 deposit before they would hand over the room keys . Staff on front desk extremely rude and uncoperative . I intend to tell all my friends about this hotel and myself or none of my family will every stay at a here again .
what a dump . We stayed in this hotel i use the word hotel lightly . what a dump to arrive at midnight , it was filthy , but due to the late hour we stopped but never again would i stop at one of these places there ok if your a chav . dirty bed lined a truly awful room at the top , no bar nothing we had to go out and find a shop to get somting to eat , the bathroom was a disgrace . not to be recomended
Good location . Average hotel . Sydney Harbor
All - hype ! ! ! Very disappointed ! I may be the odd man out as the previous reviewers were ecstatic about their stay at this hotel . Count me out . I too was impressed with the reviews that 's why I chose this hotel for my family to stay in while in Sydney . We stayed there between March 24 - 28 . We occupied two rooms because we are a family of five . Our check - in was a breeze , reception was helpful . When we got to our room , it was tastefully chic and modern . But the room was too small for a five star hotel . Bathroom looked elegant but beware - - - it was filthy ! I was about to use the bathtub after a long day of touring , when I noticed a greenish stain on the tub 's walls . Thought it was discoloration or something . To my horror , it was soap scum maybe from the previous occupants of the room . Checked the other bathroom where my children were and bathtub was also dirty . Complained to the housekeeping and they sent someone to clean it up . Becoming a little more cautious , I looked around and towel and tissue holders were dusty . Bath towels are tattered and some looked old and stained . Most of their towel bath mats canot be properly placed on the floor because some threads must have been caught in the washer or dryer ( I really do n't know ) and this did not only happen once but all the time we were there for four nights . Newspapers had to be requested . And usually it will come in late when already left our hotel . Bathroom amenites were limited . They do n't even have a sewing kit and a toothbrush which is standard in most of five star hotels . Breakfast was excellent though , we had buffet everyday and I must say the food quality is very good . But it 's not the same with service by some of the staff . The chef ( a big , old guy with an attitude ) at the omelette station was arrogant . My husband politely asked him if he could have spanish omelette and he sarcastically responded that spanish omelette are made of many things . He said just choose from what they have . My husband is no chef thus the lack of knowledge , but he could have just politely ask him to choose from the available ingredients . He was obviously ridiculing him . Within the hearing distance of other guests . When it 's my 11 year old son 's turn , he was a bit shy to ask him and spoke in a rather low voice ( maybe he was terrified with his attitude ) , he again in a loud voice ordered him to speak louder . But then , when a bunch of caucasian guys came , they were greeted by this man with enthusiasm . Even exchanging stories with them and giving tips on how to gamble wisely . He was so very willing to serve them . You see , we are Asians . I did not felt humiliated in other hotels as we were at this supposedly five star hotel . We 've been travelling in different parts of the globe , from US to Asia but this man had displayed the most obnoxious attitude towards us . Some of the hotel 's staff in the restaurant also displayed coldness and indifference . Never had this experience in other four or five stars hotel before . Before we were in Sydney , we visited Brisbane . And Sheraton paled in comparison to that hotel we stayed in brisbane ( well , it 's Conrad Treasury ) Before we left , I handed a letter to the reception regarding my complaint . Whether it reaches the manager or not , I really do n't know . I would say . . . yes . . Sheraton got chic , modern rooms . Yeah , nice lobby . But the thoughtful consideration of the guests needs were overlooked . They lacked the basics . Comfortably sized room , clean bathroom with fresh , plump towels , storage space for luggage and some drawers for small things , and most of all , the warmth and sincere service of people who would welcome travellers regardless of their stature and race . We too , just like the others are paying costumers . We deserve , the same service , the same experience . Sheraton at the Park ? Naaah . Never again ! ! !
Fantastic Boutique Hotel . We booked a stay in this hotel for 5 days and both found the staff and facilties to be off an exceptional nature . The staff were very friendly , helpful and non - intrusive , while the accommodation was of a unique style , perfectly suited for a getaway with a partner . The rooms were clean , comfortable and the courtyard was a great addition . The continental breakfast was a great start to a day of sightseeing and shopping , all which were located within easy walking distance . The Altamont is a hotel in which we will definitely stay again and highly recommend it to anyone visiting Sydney who are looking for a well located , friendly and unique hotel .
Better choices elsewhere . we booked a 5 night stay at the Sheraton on the Park and decided shortly after checking in that we would be moving - and did so the next day . The room was adequate . The front desk staff ran hot and cold - inconsistent and not very helpful . The concierge was uninformed and hence , not too helpful . We moved to the Quay West Suites . la .
Best Hotel Stay Ever ! The Altamont Hotel , from across the road .
great - clean , efficient modern and stylish hotel . staff efficient and friendly . rooms were of good quality with great views and comfortable beds ! Breakfast pricey and disappointing . All in all a good business hotel .
Great shopping location . Great location for shopping . Opposite the QVB shopping mall . Within walking distance of Sydney 's attractions . Hotel room very comfortable . The hotel has a laundry room you can use but the tokens are quite expensive but cheaper than laundry service . Pleasant staff . The executive lounge was good . Open during the day . Would have benefitted from a few snacks during the day . Breakfast was a little monotonous as they do n't vary it from day to day . Would definitely recommend , however .
The Finale After 5 Reviews . After writing 5 reviews of this hotel and having first stayed here in 1985 it is finally over . Each visit in the last few years has shown a more tired , less professional , shabbier and incredibly a more pretentious hotel . As the hotel has declined the staff has become more haughty . Particularly the front desk which has a collection of snooty youngsters with a total lack of a service mind set . An early arrival is always fraught with problems ( one has little choice about when to arrive due to airline schedules ) . To be lectured on the official check in time is not much appreciated after a long and sleepless journey . Paying top dollar for a corner full harbor and opera house view room ( which we always book ) the one we were finally given ( 1709 ) after 2 hours of housekeeping and being totally ignored for over 3 hours was hardly the spectacular view of previous rooms we have enjoyed . If you looked to the left from the small window you saw the bridge , if you looked to the right the opera house ! For that and a old Nokia TV ( yes Nokia ) and shabby sofa with stains you pay $ 600 per night . Still charging for internet for premium rooms this once great hotel which stood above all others in Sydney has finally hit the bottom and after 23 years of patronage this is one customer who will never return . Kables is not worth eating in any more . Even the shabby room could have been tolerated with a more cordial and helpful reception . We stay at Four Seasons Hotels throughout the world and this one has now become an embarassment to the brand . The front desk would be a scandal at Courtyard by Marriott . Each review we have written has shown a rapid deterioration of service and ammenities . The bathrooms and marble showers are still wonderful and the beds are comfortable but those things can be found at many other hotels in Sydney . Goodbye , Four Seasons Sydney - you are not what you used to be and we are now researching a new hotel for the next visit to Sydney .
Greate Time . Mostly i travel alot for work and i stayed almost every Swissotel in Europe that is also same standards of any swissotel in the world . it was comfortable nice and relaxing holiday for me .
I Would Stay At The Kirketon Next Time . . . . I stayed here during the end of September / start of October 2005 . I have never been backpacking before and this is probably as close as I will ever come to it ( I hope ) . The hotel it self is fine . If you 're after basic accomodation , then this place is for you . Rooms are clean , minimal and functional - I had a ground floor room and no problem with noise . The location is great . However , if you like Waitrose ( nice supermarket in England for those of you outside the UK ) as opposed to Kwik - Save ( cheap place - think K Mart ) , then this place probably wo n't be to your liking . . . it lacks a certain kind of finesse that one would like to expect from an establishment that bills it self as a hotel rather than being one of those places that has an ' s ' before the ' t ' ( hostel ) . The front desk area looked more like someone 's home office , I was n't sure if there was breakfast available - though I do recall seeing a loaf of bread near the front desk - toast anyone ? My room was not very well lit , perfect for those moments when you feel like getting dressed in the dark . The concrete floor may have been daring interior design when the ho [ s ] tel opened , but now reminded me of a local authority car park I was sick outside aged six . None of these things ruined my stay because I did n't go to a fun city like Sydney to spend time inside my hotel room , however , I would probably stay at the Kirketon next time .
Samll rooms but great location . Smallish rooms , but comfortable , and fantastic location . Very friendly staff .
Small rooms , old , there is better value in Sydney . We did not like the hotel at all , we would give it 3 1 / 2 at max . The entrance area might be impressive and location is great but rooms were old and not up to date , we felt like travelling in the early 90s . We think there is better value for equivalent rates , for example the Quay West Suites .
Why ? Is this har to clean ? ?
good hotel . great location ! hate to be predictable . . . but this is in a great location . staff are friendly and efficient although check out queues were a bit long ( mostly because of a troublesome man who had no working credit card and yet still assumed he could move on regardless ! ) a good base to explore this city . . my wife and i stayed there as part of a wedding anniversary trip . . . . the porters etc were so nice and we were up graded to a suite which was absolutely beautiful . we were also provided with a botlle of bubbly and chocs . and a card ! beautiful touches ! id have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for visitors . . . . only drawback , if it is one , is that the front bar is quite quiet . . . . . but who cares . . . uve the whole of sydney to explore ! we spent 6 nites there . . . and while that may have been slightly too long for a stay in sydney in our opinion it is certainly a thumps up for this hotel
Nice hotel - great view - . We had a Harbour View room wich is the best place to be in that hotel . The room was not very clean when we arrived and I went to the reception to complaint . When we returned from our walk outside , the room had been cleaned and the hotel had put a good bottle of wine on ice in the room to excuse themselves for the situation . It was nice and not expected . Breakfeast buffet is expansive but really good . Lot of business customers and japanse tourists in the hotel . Room are not silent proof and you can hear next room shower from yours . Overall I recommend this hotel .
I feel redundant saying this hotel is in a great location , but it 's true ! Hotel Sydney Aquarium from the ferry
Pretty good . We used the hotel as a base for our holiday in Australia so stayed there three seprate times over a three week spell . The rooms are small , so book a suite if you like a bit of space . The website photos do tell the truth - there is just the one armchair in a standard room . The views are good , but stay high up to reduce the traffic noise . Breakfast is good and breakfast staff are brilliant , but plan your trips to the toaster . The bar is still a bit smokey and receptionists can be a bit offhand . However , we were very comfortable here ; the bellhops were marvellous , housekeeping were prompt and efficient , the bar staff were great and the location is excellent for access to Circular Quay and the Rocks ( and also for buses to Newtown for economy dining ) . We had just stayed at the Shangri - La in Singapore , so it was a bit of a come - down to stay here . I might consider staying elsewhere next time , just to get a bit more space for a reasonable price .
Definitely not a 5 star hotel . The rooms are nice however the service is lacking to the nth degree . From the moment I checked in it seemed there were problems . Small room even though I supposedly had been upgraded . The valet parking was nothing short of a nightmare . I stayed there 6 days and I think that the staff lost my car on almost every single occassion . On one occasion I was late for a lunch date . I definitely would not recommend this hotel .
Great place . I stayed at the four seasons in Sydney for 5 nights in early July . I really enjoyed everything about my stay here . The room was great ( not large , but not too small - it was comfortable and very well maintained ) I upgraded my room to room with a view of the opera house - the views of the circular quay and opera house were amazing . The location of the hotel is really unbeatable . The service that I received from every person at the hotel was very definitely first class . The concierge was extremely helpful with bookings and directions and front desk and restuarant staff were equally welcoming . I ate breakfast at the hotel everyday and the buffet was well done . I guess the only negative comment I could make is the cost of daily internet access is A $ 20 which seemed like alot to me - otherwise I felt like the hotel was a great value and I would definitely recommend it to anyone planning a visit to Sydney
Great hotel in a superb location . Just returned from spending 4 nights at this hotel . Had to upgrade our room to obtain the harbour and opera house view , but this was well worth it . The room was quite large , with 2 double beds , as we had our 2 children with us . The only disappointing feature was another taller building in front of the hotel which spoilt the full view of the harbour and the bridge . The swimming pool was a little bit small for the size of the hotel . The staff were very friendly , and even took care of our luggage as soon as we stepped out of the taxi . Breakfast in the hotel is a bit pricey at $ 25 but this included everything from the cold and hot menus . The hotel is in a very good location with 5 minutes to Circular Quay for all the ferries and cruises . Some good restaurants nearby , and the City Centre about 20 mins walk . The icing on the cake was our departure from the hotel to the airport . We called for a taxi at the front of the hotel , but instead got a limousine service from the concierge as we had 4 suitcases plus hand luggage .
Great Location - Tired City Hotel . View from room
Shopaholic 's best bet . I would say the service at the front desk was n't terribly warm , but was professional and was left alone for the bigger part of my stay ( 4 nights ) and that suited me fine . The guy at the conceirge was quite helpful and let me use his computer to do an internet check - in while we were waiting for our transport to take us to the airport . He even printed out a copy for me without asking ! I 'm sorry I could n't remember his name . Were so flustered as we were running late . Really pleased with the room . 2 double beds ! So it was really comfortable with good mattresses ( one of the most impt things abt rooms I stay in ) . Not too much of a view , but then was n't in the hotel that much to notice ( could see Sydney Tower where we were ) . Too much to do in Sydney . But the room was a haven to get back to after a long day of walking around . In terms of cleanliness , comfort , it was to be expected of a 5 - star hotel . Slightly bigger than average for a city hotel . You get a very central location , right beside Sydney Tower , walkable to most shopping areas , including the Woolies that closes at midnight ( or smthg like tt ) , to catch last minute shopping when most other shops are closed . Near the monorail and train stations , with Myers and David Jones at the doorstep . Also near Macdonald 's and Burger King which are 24 hours if you get hunger pangs and are sick of room service . The rate was slightly less than S $ 300 , when the rate was 1 . 3 , but was still a bargain as most 5 - star hotels cost more than that .
Not a Four Seasons Experience . I was disappointed with our stay at the four seasons since it was not the standard that I expected it to be although considering the price that we paid for the room via hotel club , I should not have been surprised . The receptionists and all of the staff were very helpful and friendly on the plus side . Also our breakfasts were good . On the downside , our room was very small , the choice of movies was poor , the swimming pool area was very dated and not positioned in a good place right under the flyover . One of our evening meals ( taken in the room ) was dried out and not of a great standard and the vegetarian options in the restaurant were not brilliant . Despite many reviewers saying how comfortable the beds are , my partner and I prefer our beds a little harder and we had trouble sleeping for the first two nights as we were lost in both the beds and the pillows . A bed board which was added did not help although we were grateful for the offer .
Deceiving ! I satyed at the Altamont for seven nights . I thought that this would be a good choice ! The website explained that this was a boutique , luxury budget hotel ! Well yes it is a boutique hotel , i . e . it 's small , and yes it is budget ( Aus $ 108 p / night - 48 p / night ) , but it is not luxury ! I have stayed at boutique hotels before and they pride themselves on their intimacy and comforts within your room , but the Altamont had no comforts . A hotel that wants to atrract a fashionable young crowd must surely think that a full length mirror in all bedrooms is a must . My room had no mirror and the bathroom was badly designed . Problems were bad lighting , no fan to let out steam which created wet floors and walls . You could not open the bedroom door in fear that you would let the fire alarms off ( warnings were placed inside and outside the bathroom ) . The room was furnished nicely but was hampered by dirty walls and a dirty carpet ! They need to repaint urgently and buy some new rugs ! Only one of my bedside lamps was working and to finish this so called boutique , luxury yet budget look were two faded prints of Paris and some pier ? ? ? The communal areas looked incomplete it seemed they had junk piling up in corners which just cluttered the place ! Breakfast was a minimal affair of the most unimaginative cereal and bread , which you could toast . Maybe some fruit would be nice ! I arrived late at night so had to check in via their sister hotel the Kirkton . The following morning I went to breakfast and saw who I beleive to be the manager / owner did not even acknowledge me , something that most boutique hotels pride themselves on ' the personal touch ' . Only on my final day when I was checking out did I have any kind of conversation with the staff , but by then I was just desperate to find out a little about the staff . The guy who cleans the rooms was very sweet and always said hello and good morning . There was also a younger guy on reception who I would see upon my return in the evening who was very nice and always acknowledged me ! This is not a bad hotel but it is not boutique and not luxury . The foundations are in place for a hotel that could work really well but they just need to fine tune a few things and it could quite happily be a nice luxury boutique budget hotel .
The best location in Sydney . I absolutely loved the Sydney Marriott Harbour . The best location , right by Circular Quay / The Rocks . The hotel have beautiful rooms , very friendly service and a convenient business center . We used the internet every day to stay in touch at home . We ate breakfast at the hotel in the morning . Very good food and a good price . I loved everything about the service I received and the room I booked . Very comfortable beds ! I want to go back , and if I do I will only stay at this hotel !
Great home base . Kitchenette
Like Fawlty Towers . From the moment we arrived ( when no - one bothered to take our bags from the taxi ) to the moment we left , there was nothing but hassles . Our booking ( made 3 months prior ) was incorrect as they had us staying for one night not two , and then told us we would have to move rooms during our stay . Despite breakfast being inclusive , it was placed on our bill ( despite checking with reception and with the restaurant ) We were overcharged in the bar , and when this was pointed out , were told NOTHING COULD BE DONE ABOUT IT ! ! ! ( they soon got the message ) . Staff seemed totally inept . Even checkout took 20 minutes due to a long queue at the reception desk . Complaints fell on deaf ears . Nice hotel , great location , dreadful service
would definitely recommend . I recently spent the weekend at the Travelodge . I thought the rooms were perfectly fine . Based on my interactions , the staff seemed very pleasant and helpful . I will admit that I did n't try the restaurant , so I can not advise on the matter . The best thing about this hotel is definitely the location . It is very centrally located and easy to walk to alot of sites including Paddy 's Market , Hyde park and the Australia Museum .
Great Location . We stayed here for 4 - 5 nights in December . The hotel was completely full . When we arrived , they assigned us a room type that we had not booked . Unfortunately it was the only room available that night . However , after we spoke to the manager , they did move us first thing the next morning . The room was nice , very clean with a nice bathroom . The location of the hotel was great . We were right next to Darling Harbor and all of the restaurants there ( King Street Wharf , I think ) . The hotel was also very close to the shopping mall ( I forget the name , maybe it was very Victoria ) . Chinatown was nearby also , along with an IMAX theater . We mostly walked around Sydney and took cabs or the bus occasionally . It was about a twenty minute walk to the Sydney Harbor bridge and Opera House area . Even though the hotel is primarily business oriented , the concierge was very helpful with all of our touristy requests . In fact , the concierge service was excellent . They booked our Bridge Climb for us , gave us any number of options for our trip to the Blue Mountains , made wonderful suggestions for meals and made all of our reservations for everything , despite the fact that we noticed very few people asking them for touristy help . The people at the tour desk were very friendly and very honest with their recommendations and advice . Internet access at the hotel was very expensive , but the area convenience stores offer internet access within a few blocks of the hotel .
If you like a standard , chain hotel .
Clean hotel in a great location . The most useful feature of this hotel is its central location . It 's less than a 5 minute walk to great eateries in Chinatown , Paddy 's market and the Monorail station . Through Monorail , Darling Harbour and Sydney CBD are easily accessible . Note that Circular Quay / Harbour Bridge / Opera House still require either a 15 minute walk or 5 minute cab ride ( $ 10 ) after using the Monorail . The monorail goes right next to the hotel so the lower floors ( 2 - 3 ) might not get that much privacy . The hotel is clean and has all the basic amenities . Internet comes at a pretty hefty price though . There are no detailed phone tariffs posted in the rooms ( this seems to be the norm in Australia ) and the front desk receptionist was pretty hazy when I called up ( local calls are a dollar I think , toll free should be free except for some numbers blah blah ) . . . . I was keeping my fingers crossed till I checked out . . . . . . . . it turned out not so bad in the end ( toll free calls were free ; local calls were 1 dollar per call )
Stay at the Hyatt ! I stayed here using my hotel loyalty points ( as I did at the Park Hyatt afterwards ) and the experience could not have been more different . The Sheraton is a beautiful hotel with large rooms and luxurious bathrooms , but that 's it . The service is indifferent and you feel an inconvenience by daring to ask for anything . At the Hyatt you are made to feel like royalty , and nothing is too much trouble . Saturday morning I asked concierge for a late dinner reservation for that night at a restaurant with a view of the harbour . I stated a preferred location , and dietary preferences said if full please try any others so that we have somewhere to go for dinner . I left my cellphone number and received no call , and returning to the hotel at 6ish , discovered they had made no reservation at all . Call that service ? - I certainly don ' t ! Another member of staff eventually found us somewhere to dine . For my money ( and next time I visit Sydney on business ) I will stay at the Hyatt no question .
Great location for Sydney sightseeing . Stay at the Marriott for 4 nights and experienced the madness / excitement of New Years Eve , albeit with serious jetlag ! ! ! Room had two double beds ( 2 adults , 2 ten year olds ) and a very nice , well laid out bathroom . Breakfast was delicious . We were the jetlaggers who arrived as it opened at 7am each morning ! ! ! ! Kids loved the freshly made pancakes . Great choice , ambience and service all round . This hotel is in a prime position for sight - seeing . Walking distance to Opera house and Botanic gardens . Also The Rocks area which is amazing . Boats leaving regular from the Quay for loads of places . We went to Manly beach which was lovely . Also got bus to Bondi from nearby the hotel . Worth paying just for the location if you 're on a short maybe - never - to - be - repeated visit ! ! ! Cocktails in the lobby bar were great too - recommend ! !
Wow - Four Seasons made our stay so special . Four Season 's birthday cake
Hotel Altamont in Sydney Hotel Altamont , Darlinghurst Road , Sydney . We had a very bad experience with this hotel . Even if we booked and payd a lot of nights in this hotel the manager behaved with us very rude and illoyal . So he promised to put us on the waiting list for the 31th of December and 1st of January and if he gets a cancellation , we get this room for sure . . . He got a cancellation but he gave the room to the first two guys entering the hotel . . . By coincidence we were recognising it at this time but it was to late already . Even if the Hotel is not too bad , this illoyal , rude and stupid behavior to good - paying guests is not excusable and gives a very bad light on Sydneys Tourism Industry - so stay away from this Hotel - there are much better places anyway !
Very disappointed . My husband and I stayed at the Amora Jamison for 3 nights . We arrived later than expected due to our flight being delayed and upon arrrival at the hotel ( which was after 2pm ) we found our room not ready . The check in staff apologised and asked if we would like another room to which we replied ' yes ' . They then could n't get the swipe keys to the room to work so gave us a couple of complimentary drink cards to go and sit in the bar whilst they sorted our room . We went to our room not long after and found a nice letter on the bed welcoming back another geust to the hotel , which we recieved phone calls throughout the entire stay ( very annoying ) . We had booked the ' sweethearts package ' and this package included sparkling wine and chocolates on arrival in the room . The wine was in the room but no chocolates , phone call was made to reception to ask for the chocolates . We received at the door a bowl of fruit , did n't ask for this but took it anyway . Another phone call was made to enquire about the chocolates , recieved another bottle of wine , another phone call and we had the chocolates . There did n't seem to be any communication between the 4 staff members we spoke to but all the extras was free of charge ! ! The package also included in room dining for breakfast which arrived on time each morning but the staff just pushed the trolley into the room and said the toaster is in the cupboard and left . We left our room the following morning at 9 . 30 to go shopping and returned to our room around 2pm . Our room had not been made up in this time so we phoned housekeeping to complain , floor manager explained they had 400 rooms to get through etc . . . This is not our problem and when check in is 2pm you would expect adequat staff to complete this task . Our room was cleaned and within half hour of the cleaner leaving we had another knock at the door to clean our room ! ! When we checked out they tried to charge us for the mini bar items that had been used ( not by us ) . We had previously stayed here when it went by the name of Rydges Jamison and I think when the name changed all the excellent staff went with them . We will never stay here again .
Absolutely Perfect . Mu husband and I have stayed a number of times at the Sheraton on the Park Sydney . I can not say enough about how lovely this hotel is . The service is wonderful with friendly courteous staff , rooms are spacious and beautiful and the hotel is very central to everywhere . Bathrooms are very large and comfortable . I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel .
Disappointing hotel - not recommended . It is an anomaly that this hotel is rated so highly - and not because of any random and easily repairable bad experience ( such as poor service or bad meals ) . My low rating stems from fundamental systematic errors in this hotel including : * Appalling in room television / radio / technology . There was an old , small , black , CRT television . The channel selection was minimal , picture quality average , and inroom movie options unimpressive . It was the position of the television which was the most disappointing . A hotel room ( distinguished from a suite or apartment ) should have the television placed in the corner of the room or immediately in front of the bed - not in a wardrobe , on a high shelf , to the left of the bed . * Bed and pillows uncomfortable . These are not small problems because they both combine to consume more than 80 % of one 's time in the hotel . Yes the hotel was clean , yes the service was good , yes the bathroom was fantastic . But all of that is insignificant when compared to bed and television facilities . I would not recommend this hotel and will not be staying there again .
Hammering and an un - continental breakfast . We had decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel with a good central location so chose Swissotel for those reasons . The location did not disappoint , and first impressions were good , as we arrived not - too - fresh from a long haul flight , hoping to check in early . Reception were able to accommodate us and we were grateful to be able to crash out for a few hours in the morning . However , not long after we 'd settled in the room , a dreadful banging began upstairs and did not relent for several hours , rendering sleep impossible . We did not feel we could complain then , since we should n't really have checked in until the afternoon , but when the banging started at 8am the following morning , we rang reception . We were told that new carpets were being fitted in the hotel rooms and that each one should only take ten minutes to lay , so the banging should stop soon . After an hour , there was no sign of it stopping , so we rang reception back and were moved to another room . No sooner had we settled / unpacked and crawled back into bed ( still jetlagged ) than the banging started again . We rang reception again , this time all knowledge of the carpet laying was denied , and we were told that it was construction work at a nearby site , which was out of Swissotel 's control ! The hammering was , infact , much louder in the 2nd room , and sleep was out of the question . After much to - ing and fro - ing on the reception phones being passed from ' maintenance ' to ' front desk ' and eventually to a manager , we were offered a 3rd room , where the banging was much quieter and we could sleep . I realise that maintenance works are a necessary evil and inevitably some disruption will be caused , but each time we spoke to a member of staff , they had a different story and different knowledge of what was going on and we were made to feel as if we were being difficult guests . I would have thought some kind of room strategy would have been developed to minimise disruption to guests . Poor service continued when we tried to order some late night snacks from the 24 hour breakfast menu displayed in the room service menu . Apparently it 's not 24 hour , despite saying so . When we did finally get an order from the menu , I wished we had n't bothered . The continental breakfast ( listed as toast , with muffins , croissants , danish and bread rolls ) came comprising only 2 slices of bread and hardly enough butter to cover them . When we rang to ask where the rest was , we were told you had to specify wanting the other stuff ! They then sent up a croissant wrapped in a napkin - not worth the high price we were charged for it . Ok , so they may be little things , but they 're frustrating , and not the sort of thing you imagine to happen in this kind of quality hotel .
Fantastic location . Booked this hotel after reading reviews on this website . Stayed for 3 nights with our toddler . Simply fantastic location . A very very short walk to Darling Harbour - a great location as a base to see the major sites of Sydney . We generally ate in the restaurants around the Harbour so did n't eat in the hotel . No view from the room but we did n't care - we were out having fun . Very clean hotel - pretty much what you 'd expect + hope from one of the major chains , no noticeable traffic or noise from the other rooms . Friendly and efficient staff ( travel cot included without charge ) . Could n't ask for more !
Service is something that other hotels do ! Poor check - in , unfriendly staff , did n't clean room well , 3 days without replenishing the mini - bar , complained and nothing improved . Poor location for getting a taxi , especially on a Friday night and do n't expect much from the concierge or front desk staff who are too important and busy to concern themselves with their guests ' welfare . Not worth the room rate . Starting to look a bit shabby in certain areas including the rooms . Room service food quality was quite poor . Breakfast elsewhere would have been a better option . I ca n't think of anything particularly positive to say about the hotel other than writing an awful review of it gives me some pleasure !
Loved the Radisson ! During our family trip to Australia , we stayed at 3 different hotels in Sydney ( others were Hyde Park Inn and Marriott Sydney Harbor ) . This was our favorite . The staff were all friendly and the concierge was the best . Had room ready early as we were beat when we arrived . Try to book the buffet breakfast - - it is not to be missed . Ca n't really explain the negative comments from a reviewer from a few weeks ago . We thought this place was top notch !
Cold Room . Cold Room .
Watch what you sign up for . The hotel was nice enough , but I was there with my significant other and they gave us two twin beds . When we called down to get it resolved the first girl we talked to was NOT helpful and pretty much an airhead . The gentleman who helped us with our bags was MUCH better ! He noticed the situation , went down and spoke to the manager on our behalf and they moved us immediately to another room . Although the room had a view of a cement wall at least it had a double bed . The location is within a 5 min walk of Darling Harbour .
Disappointing . I stayed here two consecutive years for a conference - the organisers booked the room . The rooms are not nearly as nice as other places they have booked for me in the general area . They promised microwaveable meals ( needed after a very long drive ) but these were unavailable - they could only point me to the convenience store down the road . The parking was in another property , and required negotiating several flights of stairs . The place seems to be popular with overseas school groups - I was kept awake by banging fire escape doors , and several others besides me were forced to complain to the staff . If I was paying , I might find it was a good relatively budget and convenient option , but otherwise , no . I will never attempt to park a car there again , and did not the second time .
2 / 4 at the Four Points . Sydney Highlights were service , location , Lowlights were over priced for food and drinks . City side rooms are awful and look out onto a busy street - definately try and get the harbour view . Just being a Starwood member does n't seem to make any difference .
great location . We had a beautiful suite overlooking darling harbour and excellent service during our stay . Excellent breakfast
hairs in the bathroom ! We stayed here for nights in early Feb after getting a special deal of $ 99 per night for staying 5 nights . The hotel room was a decent size with a well - maintained kitchenette , however the quality of cleaning left much to be desired . There were hairs all over the bathroom floor when we arrived . After three days of waiting , we had to ask for them to be cleaned . Do n't expect the check - in staff to be too helpful either , they put us in a twin , considering we also had a cot to fit in , it was a tight squeeze . Overall good price , poor service .
Prime location and excellent service . Our large executive room on the 23rd floor was ideal for the last few days of our visit to Australia . The hotel is located slap bang in the heart of Sydney 's shopping area . We decided to use the rail link from the airport and were pleasantly surprised to note the hotel is only a five minute walk from St James station ( n . b . there are steps to contend with from the station platform ) . We received a warm welcome from reception and our room not only had a great view but was also very well equipped . The bathroom had both a large tub and a large shower . The very large bed was comfortable and there was also a large desk . We were pleased with the attention to detail in the room . We made use of the Executive Club on the floor above . The staff here were very friendly and helpful . We took breakfast there rather than go down to the main restaurant . The selection was good and the atmosphere relaxed . We also had drinks and canapes there each evening . On one evening we had dinner in the restaurant . It was of a very good standard . The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Circular Quay and The Rocks . Overall we were highly satisfied with this hotel and will certainly use it again when we next visit Sydney .
First class . Stayed here for 4 nights at the start of a 5 week trip in Australia . Hotel is very central which makes it convenient for all the attractions Sydney has to offer . Room a very good size . Breakfast was first class and really set you up for the day . Staff all very pleasant . I would give this hotel 10 out of 10 . Definitely worth the money and I would certainly stay here again .
Hostel in disguise . Sink
Pretty Well Flawless Hotel . Stayed for 2 nights in corner suite . Arrived at 9 am and room was available by 11 am , checkin was swift and painless . Room was extremely comfortable , clean , and well prepared . Ate in the Char Restaurant that evening , almost empty but the food and service was excellent - during the next 36 hours used the hotel as a base for touring Sydney and for the price it was exceptional value and superb location , although the view from rooms is not the best ( if this worries you pay an extra $ 100 + per night ) . Only real negative was the barman in the hotel bar , somewhat brusque and didnt have a clue about preparing a decent gin and tomic with ice and lemon ! Rest of staff were as good as ever , which is why I will be returning to this hotel at least once per month on business and holiday trips to Sydney - it is exceptional value for my company 's money !
Great stay - think I scored an upgrade . I spent 1 night at the Amora when on Business . I got a great rate booked through my office and I think I scored an upgrade in the deal - although nothing was said to me at check in . I had a room on Lv 32 on the western side of the building . Very comfortable King Bed with a large picture window . A big comfy lounge chair and a work desk were in the room . a big wall unit contained everything you could want - fully stocked mini bar and tea / coffee making , TV with internet and games , robes , slippers , etc the funny part was the big old boxy TV - still it had perfect reception . the bathroom was large with a big soaking tub up against a picture window - I enjoyed a great soak although you ca n't see out the window once in the tub . the best part was that there was a TV Volume / speaker in the bathroom . So I soaked away whilst listening to a program . The range of toiletries was great - soap , shower gel , shampoo , conditioner , lotion , toothbrush and paste , vanity set with cotton balls , pads , shower cap , sewing kit etc etc Had good lighting for doing my makeup including a magnified shaving mirror on a retractable arm . I used the gym - which was pretty good - good quality machines in perfect order . the room was a bit small and there were no hand weights or fitballs . I had breakfast at the buffet the next morning and that was very good . a bit expensive but they did cook me 2 poached eggs and there was a chef making fresh omlettes to order . check out was very easy I wish I could have stayed longer - very comfortable
Absolutely worth it ! We stayed at the Sheraton on the Park for our wedding night , in an Executive Suite . The location is great - right next to David Jones and other stores for some leisurely shopping . I think this hotel is great value given how much you would be charged at the Four Seasons or Westin for a similar room . The staff were spectacularly helpful in letting us check in two hours early so we could get ready . They were very friendly and attentive and even left us a cute little chocolate basket with strawberries and champagne . Unlike other reviewers , we did not find them rushed or rude at all . The suite was fantastic with a huge lounge room with corner lounge , desk and comfy chair and a television . The lounge room could be shut off completely from the bedroom which was useful . The bedroom had the comfiest king size bed with a beautiful view of St Mary 's Cathedral and Hyde Park - and a tv if you needed distraction . The bathroom was enormous with marble and wood finishing and every nice thing you could think of from the bathrobes to the mouthwash ( very important ! ) . My only ( very minor ) issues were that it took a while to get our car out of valet parking when there was really not a lot of traffic at 9am on a Saturday and there was no - one else waiting to get their car out . Also , breakfast at the Executive Club on level 21 was a bit of an anticlimax . The pastries were nice but the Westin does a much better hot breakfast . The Club itself is beautiful and has the most incredible view , internet access , papers etc . All in all it was absolutely worth it . We have made a pact to come back every year for our anniversary !
Moldy rooms . I took a suite on the 34th floor , the walls were coverd with mildu , the service stunk , the pool was dirty , and they wanted big tips ! I shold have stayed in the Hyatt
Overpriced and shocking service . We stayed at the Swissotel Sydney for 5 nights this April as part of a month long honeymoon trip around Australia and it was by far the worst hotel in terms of value , service and overall experience during the whole trip . Positives - large nicely fitted bathrooms , excellent location , helpful concierge staff Negatives - terrible housekeeping - evidence only of bedmaking and towel changes only ( examples brought to the attention of Pamela - duty manager of same toothpaste stain by sink for whole duration of trip , bathroom floor clearly not mopped , used wine glasses and cups not cleared away , amenities not replaced . . . overflowing sanitary bins in lobby toilets , leaking ceiling in the gym dripping onto the crosstrainer . . . the list goes on ) overpriced additional services eg . internet and laundry more than double that of any other hotel during our stay , appalling breakfast staff eg . having to remind them to replenish bread / cheese / pastries as the buffet plates were regularly left empty . Disappontingly , even after raising our concerns with the duty manager , the toothpaste stain by the sink and dirty cups remained until the end of the trip demonstrating Swissotel in Sydney ca n't even get the basics of hospitality right .
An almost 5* experience . The hotel is ranked 5 stars by many vendors , but I would say that a few customer service details could be ironed out . Location - wise ( + 2 ) for being 2 minutes walk from Wynyard station which has trains coming in straight from the airport . There is a foodcourt / mall next door ( which I never visited ) and is very convenient for the financial district . When I arrived at the hotel on a Sunday evening , I was greeted by a friendly doorman who held the doors open , smiled and greeted me ( + 1 ) . While the check - in desk was clearly visible , pointing me in the right direction or offering to help with my bags would have been nice ( - 1 ) . Check - in was really quick ( + 1 ) ; All I needed was to hand over my passport business card ( so I would n't have to fill in the form ) and got my key in seconds . What I did n't get was confirmation if breakfast was included in my rate and where breakfast was served . ( - 1 ) obviously the receptionist was new , but another staff member who overheard us stepped in and sorted it out . While it is also very common for lifts to need a key card to operate , it would have been nice to have been reminded so I would n't stash away my key ( - 1 ) . Room was clean and had most amenities ready so no complains there ; TV came with a key board and PS2 control ; but quickly found out that the keyboard was n't working ( - 1 ) TV was also a 21 CRT mounted on the top shelf of a cupboard adjacent to the bed - which made viewing difficult ( - 1 ) . TV volume came in 3 settings - mute , loud and deafening ( - 1 ) . Bathrooms were large and modern ( + 1 ) , additional amenities were available on request but I did n't bother . The bed was unremarkable , but in the dead of winter , one would expect that the beds be made with the blanket rather than have the blankets be stashed away in the cupboards wrapped in plastic ( - 1 ) . Room service dining options are limited but good . ( albeit expensive ) waitress warned that the risotto was quite salty I was curious if she had ever told that to the chef ! I had a $ 30 plate of pasta mushrooms which I thought was over priced , but the $ 18 duck entree was a winner . Breakfast was mediocre but Conference dining was very good so overall it would have been a 0 ( + 1 , - 1 , + 1 , - 1 etc etc . ) . Check out was equally quick and the doorman ran out into the street to get me a cab ( + 2 ) . There 's also the Angsana Spa and a pool , but I never made it up to the 3rd floor . Also , I come from the land of $ 40 massages , so I would n't dream of forking out $ 210 for a rubdown . Would I stay here again ? Well it was expensive and if it was n't for the conference being held there , might have gone to the 4 points sheraton for my starwood points instead .
Definitely NOT a 5 star hotel . The facilities , if they were OPEN , would have been good I 'm sure ! The Reception desk and welcome was basic , pleasant but definitely basic . Front door staff / valet parking staff were fine although Valet parking cost of $ 45 a rip - off . There are 2 bars in the hotel , the ground floor bar is only open Wed - Fri ( ridiculous ) . There was a wedding reception in the hotel the night we stayed , which did n't allow anyone else but the wedding guests to patron the only other bar in the hotel ( this is perhaps not the Hotel 's fault , but alas perhaps if the ground floor bar was opened ! ! ) . Rooms very basic , but clean and tidy at least . We did n't enter the pool / spa area as it not only looked dirty and unclean , There seemed to be no air circulation or seating suitable for a short visit upon opening the Pool door for a very , very quick peek . Not good . Generally very poor facilities for a supposed 5 star hotel .
Four Seasons - Fabby ! Booked directly with the Four Seasons quite some months before going - got 4 nights for the price of 3 which according to the receptionist was excellent value . Had a fabulous time there - lovely room with plently of space - all the staff were very helpful , polite and friendly . Ate at the cafe restaurant on the 2nd floor once - food good and prices fine . Also had room service - quick and again , reasonable . Spa was excellennt - good treatments and pleasant staff . Fitness area also good - made use of the outdoor spa every night - was dark but heated so that was fine . Had a great stay - recommend it to all - great location too .
Great hotel in a great location . We should mention we booked this hotel through Priceline , which gave us a fabulous deal of $ 150 / night when regular rooms went for $ 300 / night . But while our rave review may be slightly enhanced due to our bargain , I would still consider it a solid hotel choice even at full price . The hotel definitely seems more geared towards business travelers , but the location itself proves great for tourists and leisure travelers as well . It is located only a short walk from The Rocks and Opera House , as well as the ferries in the Quay . The concierge was very helpful without being snooty ( as some concierges are nowadays ) and gave us some great restaurant recommendations ( including one where I was inches away from David Beckham . . . . but that 's a different story ) . We tried the breakfast buffet , which was a bit pricey at $ 33 / pp but was filling and had all the standard offerings . One note of advice - check the taxi rates before coming ! I had looked at the Marriott website and it said a cab ride from the airport was only $ 35 . Our cab ride ended up being $ 61 and we just thought the website was outdated . Later on , we asked the concierge about it and they said that we were definitely overcharged , and that their bellman should have noticed the price and had us refuse to pay . I do n't blame the bellman because he was very busy getting our luggage into the hotel , but just know there are cab drivers out there that will screw you - if you know the right fare ahead of time , you will be better prepared to dispute it .
Overpriced . We stayed at this dump in May after coming across it online . It look beautiful on the web and we were so excited because it seemed like an inexpensive ( 129 $ ) boutique hotel . Sad to say , it turned out to be a disappointment . Stay if you have to , but do n't expect to enjoy it . From reading about the hotel you get the impression that it is something extraordinary . It 's not . The hotel is very basic and run down . I cleaned myself the bathroom , it was really in need of renovation . Our biggest complaint was the uncomfortable bed with worn bedding . The carpet was old and frayed . The TV reception was limited . We did n't want to risk using the tea facilities . They were cheap on towels and provided no soap , shampoo was not replaced . Also , do n't count on the breakfast , which consisted of watery coffee and dry toast . Location is good if you want to party , otherwise it 's too far from the harbour . Comparatively this is a overpriced hotel that does n't really deserve any attention . I 'm not the sort of person that write a review but after this I 'll be glad if this puts someone off going there . What was otherwise a lovely stay in a pleasant city with nice people was marred by this below mediocre hotel .
Pleasent . This hotel is pretty nice . The rooms are large enough and comfortable . The lobby is also very nice . The only problem with this hotel is the pool . It is very cold and the hot tub is also cold . I might go back here .
Four Points , Average Points . Being close to the city center , the main clientele is business people although when I was here ( 19 Sept . 2006 ) there was big Japanese wedding . The recpetionist has a smile when you check in but I have a feeling that they are overworked ; every time I passed by the area , there was always a line at recpetion . The bell service is good . Room is just large enough to enjoy it for reading with a beautiful view of the harbor . The rooms are noisy as the walls are not solid enough to block out the noise from your neighbor next door or several doors down . The bathroom is adequate with a tub and a shower . The lobby and the surrounding areas have nice comfortable chairs to use while you browse the internet wirelessly . The coffee shop at the lobby is always busy with people lining up for breakfast . The wait is n't too bad , though . At other times , there is almost always a table readily available .
It was nice . I was just at the Travelodge a few days ago and it was very good . Average hotel , nothing magnificent , but definitely good for traveling . A small complaint would be the keys for the rooms . Whenever they came into contact with metal , they would de - activate . So if you are intending on staying there and if you want to avoid unecessary trips to reception , keep the key seperate from metals or keys . Also , the breakfast was n't exactly ideal , but the hashbrowns made up for that . Overall , a pretty decent place to stay while in Sydney !
great hotel . Great hotel , location a little walk , so get the comfortable shoes on . dont buy ANYTHING from the IGA accross the road unless you are desperate . Its mega expensive ! ! !
All round good hotel . . . We stayed here for 5 nights in April 2006 and found it to be a convenient location , good value , clean , comfortable hotel . I would probably class the location as China town , not Darling Harbour but it 's only about a 5 min walk to all the bars and restaurants of Darling Harbour and the monorail station is practically right outside to get you around the city . For the money , I would deffinately reccomend this hotel , the service was good , our safe did n't work when we arrived but they sent someone immediately to fix it . Sydney is now one of my favourite citys in the world and I would stay here again without a doubt .
Good Location . Stayed at the travelodge for 7 days in Sydney , best thing is the location - Sydney is massive but you can walk to most places from here , if not there is a good bus link at the top of the road - reception staff help out with which bus to catch where . The hotel was average , the rooms had own fridge , microwave and TV . They were clean enough , the maid came everyday to change bedding , towels etc they were just basic which is what you 'd expect from a travelodge . The safe at reception is free and is also manned 24 hours so they can let you in after a night out ! The breakfast was expensive so did n't try but plenty of places to eat in sydney . Overall would stay again purely on location , and for what we paid cant really complain for a city centre hotel .
Good location . The hotel is well situated and the room had a great view of Darling Harbour . However , the bathroom was old and crappy . I would expect better for the price one pays . The room - service is slow , but the food is okay .
Great Location , good hotel . view from hotel
excellent location . excellent location , room okay , food was really expensive and not very good at all , staff were helpful and conceirge were very good . the best part of the hotel was its location which was excellent
5 Minutes to Darling Harbour . Stayed for 2 nights on way to New Zealand , so time was limited . Hotel was excellent facilities for stopover , 5 minutes walk to Darling Harbour , Breakfast was good value , would thoroughly recommend this hotel . Mini Bar was very expensive !
Fab location - hotel just ok . Stayed here for 3 nights after getting an excellent deal on expedia . Stay 3 nights pay for 2 so we opted for the Jamison Club Suite . Check in staff were very good , offering us maps and advice on getting around Sydney . Concierge were also helpful with directions etc . . . . Yes , the location is fantastic - especially for first timers like ourselves to Sydney . BUT . . . . . i fail to see what is SO special about this hotel . I am not ultra picky but it struck me as just being ' ok ' . I have fortunately stayed in a variety of hotels and this is definately a standard 4 star establishment . Our room did have great views ( except the bedroom which looked straight into offices ) , the bed was comfortable , the bathroom was a decent size . However the room was dusty ( i promise I am not being picky ! the dust was plain to see ) I just dont think it has been used for a while ! Room service was prompt but the food utterly vile - I could not even touch the potato and spinach cakes which arrived the size of large sausages , dripping in grease and smelling distinctly of fish - very strange . . . . . . I hate to complain as this hotel serves it 's purpose as a nice hotel in a great location but please dont arrive like me with high expections - you will be disappointed when it fails to deliver anything ' special ' . I just dont think this hotel warrants an ' excellent ' rating . Location maybe but thats all . To finish on a positive note we loved Sydney . The BridgeClimb was worth every penny , The Rocks had some fab galleries and the Botanical Gardens are a must !
Beggars Banquet @ Altamont . My gosh ! Me my friends got prety shocked . . . this was not as nice as we thought , in fact not nice at all . Lobby , corridor , rooms , beds bathrooms was old not clean . We could n't find anything special , classy , trendy , warm or cool about the Altamont
Great Location ! The location of this hotel was great . We did n't have views of the harbor , not sure if any of the rooms have the view . We were on the 12 floor . It was a two blocks away from Circular Quay . It is a great location to catch the buses , metrolink to Darling Harbor , and the trains . We caught the train to Blue Mountains . You can easily walk to The Rocks . There are some great restaurants within walking distance . The room was clean and the bed was SUPER comfy . We got there earlier than our checkin time , but the front desk was really nice and immediately showed us to our room . There are a lot of choices for hotels in sydney . Although I was content with the Marriott , I may try smething else the next time around .
Excellent Sydney Harbour Location . I stayed at this property 3 / 1 / 08 - 3 / 14 / 08 for business . The hotel rooms were very spacious with nice bathrooms , a robe , a small hotel bar / refrigerator , coffee maker , and safe . The showers were excellent - plenty of hot water and excellent water pressure . The gym was okay , with several treadmills , stairclimbers , stationary bikes , and machines to work the legs and arms . However , they did not have any machines that worked the abs , something needed after all of the seafood that I consumed ! Pool area looked nice , but I did n't actually use the pool . The hotel location was perfect for the Central Business District , and walking to the office was very easy . The hotel is also half a block from the Circular Quay bus stops and ferry dock - excellent . We took buses to Bondi beach and Watson 's Bay and the ferriy to Manly Beach . Back to food - there are also plenty of restaurants near the hotel , including a wonderful Italian restaurant right next door . The hotel also has a phenomenal seafood buffet available nightly , with expanded offerings on the weekend . I went during the week and had my fill of crab legs , jumbo prawns , and many other excellent dishes , including multiple mini - desserts . The lobby bar area offers live music Wednesday - Saturday . The Wednesday night piano / jazz singer John Harkins , a Chicago native , made my stay that much more enjoyable - have a nice club sandwich , some tiramisu and a drink and sit back and enjoy the music . The staff in the lobby bar were also outstanding - very attentive and friendly , not overbearing . The only draw back of the hotel was the lack of wireless internet in the rooms - I took my laptop to the lobby to use the wireless access . This is expensive on a daily basis but for 24 actual hours of use at $ 24.95 , this option was very reasonable for a 2 week stay . Concierge staff was also very good - recommended good restaurants , a phenomenal tour to the Blue Mountains , and a place to get my eyeglasses fixed / replaced . They also sold calling cards for the US - very convenient and reasonable . Would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel for business and leisure . Had a great time , in part due to the very good service that I experienced from the room attendants , front desk , conceirge , and lobby bar staff ! PS - for those arriving early in the AM , they have a lounge where you can relax and freshen up / shower after the LONG flight from the east coast - a nice touch !
Two Seasons at Best . Drab junior suite
Good Service , but disappointed with rooms . I stayed in the Swissotel , following reviews on this site . While the staff were efficient in the sign - in , sign - out process , I did encounter a few things that made my stay less enjoyable . The first problem was the room size . The rooms were unexpectedly small . Some websites give the swissotel 5 stars , but this is not accurate . The rooms were designed so there is just barely enough space on either side of the bed for me to move around in . When you look at the photos posted on the hotel 's website , the rooms displayed are quite deceptive ; the actual room looks about 2 / 3rd the size . The study desk is small , and cluttered with all the hotel information - related reading materials . The second problem was the bed . The mattress was uncomfortably firm , and I had a difficult time sleeping on it . It was nothing compared to the other beds used in hotels like Sheraton . ( i . e . the Heavenly Beds ) . It took me over 2 hours to fall asleep on these beds . A third problem was the room service . If you need any items from room service ( for example a toothbrush ) , it takes about an hour for room service to have it delivered , which I think is unusually long . So in summary , the stay was a bit on the disappointing side , and I probably would not stay in this hotel again . It is *NOT* a 5 star hotel , but more accurately , a 4 star .
Great hotel in a great location ! We stayed in the holiday Inn darling Harbour for 3 nights . This is a lovely hotel and it is in a fantastic location . The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly . I even used the hotel gym which was great !
Great Location , great rooms . Booked most of our hotels for Australia and New Zealand trip based on other trip advisor postings . Spent 4 nights in this Hotel . We made sure to ask that our room was higher up or on the other side of the hotel to avoid the noise of the monorail which runs right in front of the hotel 's ( about ) 4th floor . Stayed on the 8th floor and had no noise problems . Room was updated , rather large , and very clean . Had a fridge in it as well . Location of this hotel is close to the train , touristy bus servive , light rail and monorail . Very easy to get around . Internet was $ 5 for 30 minutes , never had to wait to get in and log on . It was quick and fast , unlike some other places we stayed which took forever to upload pictures . Staff was nice enough . Concierge was kind enough to look up a few things on internet about Sydney , and make tour recommendations and food recomendations . Take note - this hotel appears to be right on the edge of Chinatown . We knew it was close , but was closer than expected . For a few nights we wandered up and down the bustling Chinatown streets and had amazing food . We just were n't prepared for that to be the main option in very close proximity . Would definately stay here again .
Tired rooms , poor service , noisy refurbishment . Myself and my new husband stayed at this hotel recently as part of our honeymoon . We stayed at a total of 8 properties during our 3 week trip to Australia and this is the only one that will be getting a negative review . Firstly the plus points - fantastic location which could not be better , and stunning views of the bridge and Opera house . The concierge were very helpful and friendly , the guy who brought our bags up was lovely , and they were also able to recommend some good restaurants . For me - thats it . The room itself was very tired , the furniture was a bit 80 ' s and although everything was very clean , it just did not have the high quality finish and look I was expecting for a hotel chain with this reputation . It just was not in my opinion of 4* quality . Another thing which I really found irritating was the lack of mirror over the dressing / writing table . The only mirror for applying my make up was in the bathroom , and it may just be me but I like to sit down in front of the mirror and take my time getting ready ! I guess if we had not paid so much for the room I would not have had such an issue but I just felt it was not good value for money . I also think it did not help that we had stayed in a Shangri La hotel in Hong Kong and not only were the rooms stunning but they absolutely gave us the special treatment . The other major gripe I have with this hotel is that there were definately some form of room refurbishments going on while we were there on the floor above ours . On the first day we arrived we were very tired from our flights and attemtped to have a pre dinner nap at around 4 . 30pm , however there was very loud banging and drilling from above . I called reception and explained and they told me there was work going on but it would be finished by 5pm . I asked if this was going to continue throughout our stay and was told it was but that it would only be between the hours of 9am and 5pm . I was not really happy with this as we were not warned of any refurbishment when we booked , but I decided to let it lay as figured I was probablly just grumpy from the long flight and lack of sleep ! The next morning I had to ring reception again when the work had clearly started at 8am , I was prettty much fobbed off and told as far as they were concerned it was not supposed to start until 9am . Nobody came back to me and I relaised at that stage nobody was interested . The next morning as we were leaving there was drilling from above which started at 7 . 30am . Its not even so much the noise that upset me but the the complete lack of service that went with it or follow up of my complaint . The hotel does need some updating so I can understand why it is going on but I feel you should be made aware when booking if you are going to be disturbed by noise during your stay . Another thing which I found a little annoying was that twice they came around to do the turn down service at around 6 . 30pm whilst we were getting ready to go out for the evening . Surely most people at this time in the evening are having showers etc .
Disappointing for Four Seasons . We stayed in the Four Seasons Sydney over New Year . The hotel is desperately in need of a refurb ; at the moment it might be a great place to host an Austin Powers party , but without any such fancy dress on hand to create the right vibe , it just looks pass . We stayed in a junior suite with a full harbour view , which was an amazing place for viewing the fireworks and very spacious , so we were able to have a few friends round to share the experience . But the decor was tired and dated , as was the bathroom . Yes , it 's a city hotel , so no doubt many visitors are there on business and you do n't expect it to be the same as one of the resort hotels . Nevertheless , there are also many tourists , many of whom , like us , have no doubt booked on the strength of other Four Seasons properties and their experiences there . This was , unfortunately , sadly lacking and not comparable in any way . Even the service was simply not up to scratch , there were so many mistakes made - a room service order took 1 hours to arrive , despite the fact they said it was on its way when we called to check after 50 minutes ( clearly they were lying ) . when it arrived , the main courses were lukewarm ( despite having been in a hot box - but by then we were so starving , we just ate it ) . the ice cream on the side of our dessert order was completely melted ; we had the wrong pudding delivered with another room service order ; and , our laundry and another room 's was mixed up - and it took over a day to sort this out and get it back . When my boyfriend telephoned to complain at about 6pm one evening , we were informed that the hotel manager had already left for the night . We left a message with the person we spoke to for him to call us . When we left , four days later , the manager had still not returned our call . It started to make sense why the service is so bad - with a manager with that attitude , it 's really not surprising and the rest of the staff do n't stand a chance . As my boyfriend said , I 've stayed in 15 other Four Seasons around the world and this one is definitely at the very bottom of that list . It might have great views , but we wo n't be going back . Next time , we 'll stay at the Hyatt .
It 's a no go ! A drab , dark and depressing hotel with an odor of animal , mould and old perfume . Floor un - hoovered . Bedspread stained . Handprints on the wall . Furnishings dusty and tired with a few cigarette burns here and there . Bathroom in need of urgent refurbishment . No toilettries . Toast with marmelade or peanut butter , cereal , milk , orange juice and coffe / tea for breakfast .
Perfect location . . . This hotel could n't be in a better location . Walking distance to the Opera House , Royal Botanical Garden , QVB , the Rocks and Circular Quay ferry , train and bus station . The staff was accomodating and the concierge was very helpful . The only complaint I have is the restaurant in the hotel , Icons . Incredibly overpriced ! My friend and I had a steak dinner , it took over one hour for our steaks to get to us , they were over cooked and they not once refilled our water . The meal cost us over $ 100 and we had NO alcohol . Another morning we thought we would try a quick breakfast . The buffet costs $ 32 so we opted for the menu . It took 15 minutes for them to take our order and my bowl of Special K cost $ 6.50 , toast $ 6.50 . The kicker was when I saw the waitresses obtaining some of the food people were ordering off of the menu from the buffet ! Our overall experience with the hotel was excellent but avoid the restaurant at all costs ! ! ! !
Good location , staff let it down . We had 5 nights at this hotel . We arrived really early in the morning from London and not surprisingly no rooms were available at that time . The staff were pretty unhelpful , but we did get a shower in the swimming pool changing rooms . When we eventually returned to the hotel at 5pm we were given a smoking room despite having booked a non - smoking room weeks before . This in unnacceptable in my view , how can none be available when booked so far in advance ? We had to wait an hour to have the bags brought to the room and it took a reminder phone call at that . The room itself was on the top floor and well appointed with nice views . The bathroom was good too . The gym was a disgrace and the equipment had not been maintained or cleaned in weeks . It was filthy and not a good recommendation . On the plus side , the location was excellent and within walking distance of everywhere in the city . Rydges was due to be taken over by another hotel group at the beginning of November . I hope they do better
Very satisfied . After reading other reviews before staying at The HI , I was a little concerned . However , I was pleasantly surprised . The people at The HI were extremely pleasant and helpful . The rooms were clean and neat . We faced Chinatown . The view in our room was n't the best . It was a brick wall and the roof of another building . I did n't mind though because we really did n't spend a whole lot of time in the room and when we did , it was only to sleep . The breakfast buffet was very good but was basically the same all the time . Know that you can ask for your eggs cooked to your liking . Transportation of all kinds were close . However , I wish I had done some research before hand on how to use it . The tram was easy to use but only went in a circle and made stops up to Cockle Bay and back . If you 're going to take the bus , know how they run . Make sure you know the bus # ' s and where they go and how to get back . The conceirge was very helpful for that . If you like to walk , there 's a lot in walking distance . Especially Paddy 's Market . Good shopping ! ! ! Expect to spend hours there . Overall I had a great experience .
Its cheap for a reason ! Please only stay here if you want a very basic hotel thats quite close to all the sights , shopping etc . Be aware that your bed will be on wheels ? ! , the rooms are very basic ie the shower is a hole in the floor with a shower curtain so EVERYTHING gets wet . The restaurant has dirty crockery and the window ledges need cleaning . I think they also need to spend some money on soundproofing , you can hear doors slamming all hours of the day and night . On the plus side the staff are pleasant enough and are happy to book trips etc for you . We also got a good deal by booking online direct with them but I wouldnt want to pay full price .
Outstanding Location and Property Navy visit to Sydney . Great get - a - way from being at - sea . Location is perfect . Staff is very accomodating . Rates very resonable for location - - - in the heart of everything .
Not very good at this price . Stayed here one night as the rest of Sydney was full ( yet again ) . I 'd stayed here in the past when it actually was a Sheraton rather than a Starwoods , and it has n't changed much at all . My booking was last minute - I paid top dollar at $ AUD250 . The check - in was very very efficient - but he seemed to take a while trying to find a better room for me . My room was on the first floor ( room 163 ) . All they had left was a twin room , with two single beds . The bed was ok comfort wise . And the view was street and main entrance - very bad . The carpet was well worn . The TV was old and on the small side , and the bathroom was on the older side - but adequate . Mt A big negative for business travellers - I saw no evidence of in - room broadband . It is covered by the Telstra CDB wireless broadband service though . This hotel is really full of tourists . . . it 's close to the tourist trap of darling harbour . It 's really not geared up for business travellers . I had the buffet breakfast - $ 30 + for the full greasy . Yet another 2nd rate hotel where they wo n't let you sit down without deciding what you want first - full buffet or continental . Really , really , really annoying . How can I tell what I want before I can see what 's on offer . Overall , I am sure that there are good rooms in this place - but my room was n't one of them .
Where was ther service . We stayed here with a few issues to mention . On the first evening we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant , never again . the food was ok but the staff were n't exactly consistant with what they were doing . we initially didnt get charged for a bottle of wine nor sparkling mineral water . however the waiter realised and broguht us another bill about 15 minutes later . Understandably they were busy but in the world of technology how did we get served the wine and water without it going through a system , definately not sure . We used the automated check - in system which overcharged our card but management seemed apologetic even though reception did n't really care . They have a long way to improve but maybe slowly getting there . The location was fantastic
Safe choice but nothing special . We recently spent 4 nights in the Radisson Plaza after combing through many reviews on TripAdvisor and making our choice . We are frequent travellers worldwide and these are our impressions . The pros:1 ) the location is excellent , a quick walk to almost anywhere you 'd like to go to in the Sydney Central Business District . 2 ) the rooms are pleasant , clean and functional , easily the standard of a business hotel in a large city elsewhere in the world . It feels rather corporate , but they include all the little things you might need , like an iron , an extra blanket or pillow , and a small kettle for making a hot drink . The beds are very comfortable , the television works , internet access was fine and the overall impression is good . The bathroom was well - cleaned and new . The cons:1 ) the breakfast . We tried it once . It was woeful . In a city of Sydney 's standard when it comes to food , it was even more disappointing to have such a low quality at the price they charged . I think we ordered a buffet breakfast that allowed us to only have cold food , and it was really very disappointing . Highly processed cereals , no muesli , bread that was cheap and nasty , fruit that was passable but nothing special , super - sweet yoghurts ( whatever happened to plain yoghurt , full - fat ? ) , bad quality tea and terrible coffee . It was like a buffet breakfast from the 1970s , and Sydney is a city that has excellent coffee and food available on every corner ( that 's what we did the other days ) . They charged us around A $ 25 per person for this . If you wanted watery scrambled eggs that had sat in the warming drawer , it cost quite a bit more . 2 ) the bathroom . Our shower leaked , not terribly , but enough that it was irritating . The bathmat was sopping after each shower . The staff prominently placed a card stating that it was up to us to indicate when we wanted our towels changed . We unfortunately had to change them daily as there was nowhere to really hang them in the bathroom . If they really want guests to think of the environment and economize with cleaning , then they should put in some first - rate towel bars where the towels they give you to use can really air and either rake the floors so the shower drains properly , or clean the drains more frequently ( or maybe both ) . One last thing : many reviewers discuss the staff . Most of them seemed extremely nice and eager to please , but when we arrived for check - in , the doorman at the top of the stairs who saw us struggling with our cases pretended to not see us and looked the other way . With a little bit of work this could be a lovely hotel . If eating a very mediocre breakfast does n't worry you , nor mopping up the bathroom floor after each shower , then it 's a pleasant place to stay .
Excellent Value and position ! I must admit , I did use Trip Advisor to choose the Altamont . It was the best value hotel in the top 15 that I looked at . In fact it was quite a bit cheaper than all the others . So naturally I was a bit concerned . On arrival , I was pleasantly surprised , personally shown to my room by the Manager and it was super quiet with sliding doors looking out to a little inner courtyard . The decor was basic but also it had a trendy style . I never have a bath so the big shower was nice . Comfy bed , table and chairs , drawers with tv on it . It had space for the suitcase so what more could I possibly want ? Oh yes I did want a good location , and I got it at the Altamont ! Handy for restaurants , just around the corner you can get a bus to Circular Quay or at the bottom of Darlinghurst Road / Oxford St you can get a direct bus ( no 333 the bondi Bendy ! ) to Bondi Beach ! For other transport , Kings Cross is 5 mins walk away . It was clean , friendly and because Sydney is my favourite city in the world , I will be back , and to the Altamont !
Good Location but staff were unfriendly and rude . Stayed for 8 nights at the beginning of the month . Chose hotel for location and price . When I arrived ( after an early morning flight ) , the staff member that checked me in did n't greet me , and appeared to be in a bad mood and proceeded to rable off their policies , procedures , etc with no eye contact , just a blank stare . Room was n't ready and when I asked when one would be , she just shrugged her shoulders and said come back in a couple of hours to see if one would be ready . ( OK I arrived in the morning and check - in was at 2pm , however she could have made more of an effort to see if there was any empty rooms ) . Coming back , my intended room was n't ready and so I had to settle for one on a smoking floor ( I 'm a non smoker ) . Room was adequate and comfortable . Checking out , again I experienced the inhospitable attitude of the staff , my checkout was done as if it was an inconvenience to the staff member . Overall the hotel is OK , however having stayed at Travelodge Southbank in Melbourne , I experienced far better service there , then I did here . I wil not be using the hotel again when I travel to Sydney in the future
Good Hotel , Better Rooms and Poor Elevators . This was an above average Marriott Hotel overall . The lobby was a little cold and impersonal but the rooms were very nice . Very comfortable bed and FANTASTIC bathtubs with just the right pitch for a long , hot bath . The workout room / spa was very 80s and could really use an upgrade . The main piano bar was a bit cheesy as well and had a small fruit fly infestation . However , the live music played there was top notch . Room service was very inexpensive , but the food was not great , nor all that bad . The main complaints of the hotel were the 1 ) EXTREMELY slow elevators . They are going thru an upgrade of the elevators at this time , but waits can be as long as 25 minutes and at one point a traveller in our group took the stairs from the 32nd floor no less ! 2 ) Breakfast on the exec floor was somewhat redundant by day 3 and I was there for 8 days and 3 ) The high speed internet access was $ 19.95 per day ! Highway robbery , especially at the high rates being charged per night . Great location . Better than most Marriotts . Not high end , but better than normal .
Average . I had a mixed experience at the Amora recently . They would n't check me in , even though I was only 15 minutes early . My room was nicely decorated but the blinds had holes and frayed edges and the tv was very old and stashed in a cupboard . . Good selection of free channels though . Bathrooms were very nice too . Lift lobbies throughout the building were very nice , although the ground floor lobby and bar on the mezzanine were very dated . Service was slow , and often disinterested . All of this would have been fine but it was quite expensive , and I have had much better experiences elsewhere for less . It was ok , but I would definitely look elsewhere if I went back to Sydney .
Fantastic Location . Booked this hotel through Quantas holidays and it was fantastic , the rooms were clean and spacious and the staff friendly and polite . The hotel itself is on a main road but the rear view rooms faced a quieter street . The hotel is literally less than 5 minutes walk from circular quays which is where you have access to all the ferries that take you round the harbour . It is near to hundreds of shops and restaurants and the nearest tube station is over the road , really was a great base to explore the city .
Horribly unbelievable ! When you choose a Four Seasons you basically think ( if nothing else ) that you ca n't go wrong , that you are n't risking much because it 's a Four Seasons ! One of our honeymoon stops was Sydney so we booked the Four Seasons . After a long haul flight from Tokyo via Singapore we were pretty anxious to get some rest . Upon arrival it did n't look like a lobby fit for a hotel of that category . We were also not impressed with the old and ill - maintained elevators . But the real shock came from the room . It was so small that our 3 pieces of luggage barely fit anywhere . The room had no decorative objects except for a plastic alarm clock from the 80 ' s . . . The window was tiny so the harbour view was almost non - existent . The bathroom was proportional to the room . We were so appaled with the room that we immediately went to the business center to use the internet and look for another hotel and left . We did n't try any of the restaurants but we did have a look at the spa and its menu which was very limited . The outdoor pool consists of a small tank at the back of the hotel . Definitely not going back to that hotel and have learnt the lesson about making general assumptions about hotel chains .
You are paying for the view . My wife and I are staying at this hotel for four night . We travel a ton and have stayed at various level of hotels from 4 star to Exclusive . I dont care how this hotel is rated by various magazines . I would never stay here . It is dirty and the service is lacking . The views are great if you can see thru the windows . You may think you can relax , however the hotel is on a major highway . The pool is a truck length away from the highway . The photos on the Four Seasons web site do not match what you get . I would save the money and stay else where .
Not impressed . I have stayed at this hotel earlier in the year and was impressed with the high level of service . This was the reason I chose Swissotel for my last stay in Sydney . I was very unimpressed by the level of service I ( and others ) received . After travelling for 11 hours , I was looking forward to a shower and a rest in a room . I arrived a little earlier than expected - and was told that my room would not be available until 2pm . As this was the advertised check - in time , I was quite happy to leave my luggage , and do some shopping in the CBD . At 230pm , I returned and was told that my room was still not available . It was at this point I noticed that there were other guests in the same situation at the Check - in desk . I was told that my room would be available in half an hour , and to return then . After exploring the CBD shops further , I returned to Check - in , only to be told that my room was still not available . Further guests were being turned away from the desk - and told to wait in the Bar , or explore the City and be contacted by mobile . After I was offered this option , I declined . At this point I was extremely exhausted and asked to speak with a Supervisor . I was again asked if I would like to wait in the Bar or do some shopping . I explained to the Supervisor that I would prefer to wait at the Check - in Desk until a room was found . After dropping my shopping bags and luggage at my feet a staff member went upstairs , and a room was miraculously found . The way in which the staff handled the situation was dismissive and extremely disappointing . I understand that Hotels are sometimes quite busy , but staff gave the impression that they wanted to move Guests away from the check in desk as soon as possible . The room was quite nice , and I got it for a very good rate on the Hotels Website . Breakfast was included and was very nice . The only other issue I experienced was that my room was n't cleaned on one day - even though I had asked for my room to be made up . I ended up catching a staff member in the corridor in the evening to have my towels replaced . I 'm not as impressed as I was with my last stay . Unless the rate beats other hotels in the CBD , I will probably stay elsewhere .
Fantastic Sydney Hotel . A better view than official photos
Just horrendous - do not stay here . My family and I normally stay in upscale hotels when we travel , but we have pretty reasonable expectations . In other words , one wrong thing here and there will not bother us . That being said , this is THE worst hotel I have ever stayed at . . . by far ! I do n't even know where to begin . . . employees were extremely rude and disrespectful during our check - in . We had arranged for early check - in over the phone , yet they claimed no such arrangement was made and refused to give us a room . We had a really tired little one with us , which made all this even worse . Anyhow , a few points , to keep it brief : * hotel is pretty run down : public restrooms were missing locks , doors were scraped , soap dispensers broken ; rooms are small and completely outdated , air quality not very good * , staff is non - responsive and you have to ask multiple times for whatever you need . hotel food is HORRENDOUS . we are by notmeans picky eater but i can honestly say that i have never ever had food this bad . . . anywhere . i think i would rather walk into KFC and have one of their chicken meals than eat at 4Season 's Kable again . . . and I am a vegiterian ! You truly know the food is inedible when even steamed rice tastes bad . Anyhow , this is our first trip to Sydney so I do n't know what other hotels in the city are like , but this one should not be given more than 1 star !
get your own taxi . stayed 31 / 12 / 06 until 3 / 1 / 07 . never again will we go near this hotel . upon arriving in sydney at 8am we freshened up in a freinds room at The Blue , after travelling fron SF over night . What a difference with service they could n't do enough for you at the Blue , where , as after arriving at The Amora at 2 . 30pm to check in , there was no bellboy we were told to ask the concierge for advice . we left the bags with him and went to our room , ordered room service , ate room service waited a further 10 mins and then eventually had to ring down and ask where our bags were . It took in total 65 mins for our bags to be delivered to our rooms . On new years day our friend visited and wanted to get a taxi back to her hotel . We asked the bellboy to book one . After 15 mins one had n't arrived so asked about it , to be told it had been doubled booked so they 'd send the bellboy out into the street to get one . 10 mins later he came back empty handed . So went to the concierge , Nathan , to ask about what was happening , only to be told we should get our own taxi and turn his back on us . So I had to get the taxi myself which took only 4 mins . We would highly recommend The Shangri - La ( which we stayed in , later on in Jan ) or The Blue .
Great Relaxing Time . I happened to stay at this boutique hotel in sydney , the Altamont in Darlinghurst . . . the host and staff went out of their way to make me feel more than comfortable . . . my demands were met with courtesy and attention and nothing seemed to be to much of a problem . . . a very enjoyable six days of accommodation . . . a big thank you to all at the Altamont
Good experience at the Rad . Stayed here for one night on our way through to New Zealand . I 've been before and as with my previous stay everything was exceptional from the furnishings of the room to the customer service . Location is perfect for seeing sydney being 5 mins from circular key and 5 mins in the opposite direction to the center of Sydney 's shopping . The bed was particularly of note - the best we slept in whilst away ( we both agreed on this ) . The only thing you wo n't get here is any form of view from the window , other than that this is great place to stay and excellent value for money .
everthing around it . We have stayed this hotel just one night for experience since I have read nice review for it here , trip adviser . It was absolute right . You can go any shop or store in Sydney very easily . View from room is superb and excellent because all rooms are on high floor in this building . We enjoyed night view especially with Sydney harbor . Bath room and Bed is nice . People in hotel is friendly and well organized . It was best deal for us to stay here with promotion rate . We would like to stay here again .
This hotel ok but This hotel in the Edge of C B D district of Sydney . Well placed . But the hotel has problems the room was ok had small fridge and micowave oven and one small Chest Of Drawers with 2 Drawers and one wardrobe ok for short stay but if staying over a week then not enough room . The carpet in the room was quite stained and never semed to be cleaned the room did have a maid that did ok ( allways clean towls emptyed bins did the bed ect ) but did not seem to clean the carpet . All so the toilet roll holder was near enough off the wall no one seemed to care and left it as it was the shower was poor you had to put a towel on the floor as it was all on one level so the water world go every where without the towl . The lift you had to use your room key in to go up to your room this seemed to be a hit and miss thing did not matter how slow or fast you pasted the key sometimes it did no work and you spend 5 to 10 minutes trying to get it to work . The staff where ok but I think do need a bit of training . If you looking for top rate hotel with everything perfect look else where . But if you looking for A quite cheap hotel . Where you can sleep and spend more time doing othe things seeing the sites ect . Then this hotel passes the test Here A few tips that I hope will help if you decided to stay here Getting to Darling Harbour from hotel Walk along Wentworth Avenue to Elizabeth street then along Elizabeth street to Liverpool street . If you walk along liverpool street into the centre of Town then if you carry on along Liverpool street you will be in Darling Harbour . I know there are other ways to get to Darling Harbour this is just one from the hotel TIP Woolwoths is on Park street to get here Walk along Wentworth Avenue to Elizabeth street then along Elizabeth street Park st is the 3rd or 4fh street off Elizabeth street Hope these help some of you
Nice facilities , lost points on service . Overall we enjoyed out stay ; the hotel was of good quality , the rooms were nice and quite spacious , and the facilities were well - maintained . However 2 services error left a bad impression . Firstly , we bought a package with late checkout of 4pm . On the day of checkout , we came back to our room before the late checkout time , and had been locked out . We had to explain our case at reception and there was no apology . As we prepared our things to leave , we could hear the hotel cleaning staff standing right outside our room door , talking loudly and waiting to get in and clean the room . The second we walked out of the room , they all walked straight in - the door did n't even close behind us ! Secondly , we were charged on the bill for a meal we never ordered / ate . I disputed it , and after 5 minutes , the woman at reception agreed to take it off the bill . A week later I found that this sum had been charged separately to my credit card . When I rang up to query it , I was eventually told it would be refunded , but no apology . I would expect better from such a hotel .
Not worth the price or it 's star rating . Every time I book at Four Points , I assume it will be better than it ends up being . I know that Starwood has been trying to upgrade this brand to bring it more in line with its other brands , but it still falls short . This hotel in particular , while a great location in Sydney ( especially for tourists visiting the Darling Harbour area ) just is n't up to par given the price tag . I had a Harbour View room on the SPG floor ( the view was good ) , but the room was incredibly damp , even allowing for the fact that we were three blocks from the water . The cielings were quite low , making the bathroom dark since it only had one light . It was rather ironic , in that I read the Starwood brochure provided in the room , and it said one thing that Four Points had was a good shower - and this shower was not very good . Even the furniture in the room needed updating . The prices for all services - room service , in - room telephone , and Internet , to name a few - were all more expensive than the Westin Melbourne where I had stayed previously . After I arrived and got settled in , I checked out rates for the 5 - star Sheraton on the Park across town . For the subsequent nights I had in Sydney , the Sheraton was the same price - so I checked out early the next day ( the front desk was very accomodating , so a thank you to them ) and transferred . It 's not that the hotel overall was bad - probably 3 stars overall , and definitely suitable for tourist groups - but given the higher perception that the hotel gives on its web site and the newer , more upscale look Sheraton is trying to put on this brand , I ca n't give it more than the 2 stars .
Exceptional Hotel ! ! Our Room
Beware of this hotel 's cancellation policy ! My wife and I were due to stay at this hotel for three days in September , at the end of a tour of Brittany . Whilst in Brittany , my wife got the news that her mum was about to pass away , and we had to cancel our Paris visit and return to England urgently . We phoned the Albe FOUR CLEAR DAYS before our scheduled arrival , to regretfully cancel the booking , and we told them of the circumstances . The employee who took the call said that as we did n't have access to e - mail in Brittany , the cancellation was noted , and a refund of our deposit would be no problem . Following the death and funeral of our mother , we asked the Albe by what means they would refund our 180 deposit . They were totally adamant that there would be no refund , and I ca n't now persuade them otherwise . Needless to say , we wo n't be going there at any time in the future . There are plenty of efficient and friendly hotels in the wonderful Latin quarter , but this does n't appear to be one of them .
Transfered last minute ! After reading all the reviews on trip advisor , I decided to book a room for 1 night at the Royal Magda , it was highly recommended ! No one could fault it ! I was really looking forward to spend my husbands 40th in the romantic city until we arrived at the hotel . We were told by the man at reception there had been a problem with the guests not vacating our room in time due to a family member falling ill and being treated at the hospital . We offered to return later on in the afternnoon but was told it still might not be available . At that point my heart just sank ! You can imagine how my husband was feeling . They had already arranged to put us in another hotel nearby , the Hotel Mac Mahon . I do n't think they realise why we booked the room with them ! If I wanted to book a hotel rated 300 plus , I would have in the first place ! They offered free breakfast as compensation , which we did n't have . The Hotel Mac Mahon is also a 3 star rated but I think it is more of a 2 star hotel . Different to what was on offer at the Magda . It completely ruined our stay in Paris , as for my husband , an unforgetable 40th birthday surprise . Overall , I do n't think the Royal Magda coped with the situation very well . For the trouble caused , I would expect to be transfered to a 4 star hotel . At least it would have calmed us down asap .
Good for Paris Standards . At first sight it does n't look nice nor attractive but it turned to be an excellent choice for Paris hotel standards . I was a bit scared we were on the first floor , our room facing the noisy and busy street below , but the isolation is perfect and you can hear nothing . Beds are quite comfortable , bathroom is spotless . One block away from the subway ( Pyramides ) . In front of the hotel there is an excellent japanesse restaurant which seems to be a major hit with the locals . Long lines for entering , so you should try it at night . Hotel vicinity is not the best but it 's ok . Full of oriental eating places .
Hassle - free . We spent a lot of time looking for hotels and as we 'd left it until the last minute found most places were booked . In desperation we rang around a number of hotels and found the reception staff at the Residence Henri IV extremely friendly and helpful . We were concerend that the rooms in Paris - and the beds - might be small so they fitted us with two twins ( basically a double bed with two mattresses ) which were perfect . The check in and check out were completely hassle - free - took literally two minutes ; and no complications . While the rooms might be a little tired they have character and importantly are clean , airy and a very good size , not just for Paris standars but for anywhere . The bathroom was similarly spacious and unlike most hotels actually had a window . We were extremely pleased with the location of the hotel and the service we received there and would have no hesitation in recommending it to others . We did n't try the breakfast as there were basic kitchen facilities in the room and plenty of cafes nearby .
Good location , service surly . After reading all the great reviews of this hotel , we decided to stay here for 4 nights instead of our corporate travel agency 's recommendation ( Novotel Les Halles ) . We are here in Paris for business and leisure ( with 2 little kids in tow ) . First the location is awesome , just tremendous ( it does n't hurt that the weather has been wonderful ! ) . Our room on the fifth floor has a cute balcony with a view of the Seine ( if you turn your head a bit ) and a view of the cafes below . The room itself is 2 . 5 stars - tight , cramped , average - motel - quality linens / blankets , basic furniture . Bathroom has nice fixtures ( Hansgrohe - I just finished a bathroom remodel which explains this observation ) and is clean . The Wi-Fi is not free - costs 5Euro for 45 minutes ! ! ! ( better hurry up and type ) . There is only one desk attendant at any one time - so do n't expect a porter to help with luggage ( they do n't offer either ) . The daytime attendant is nice enough , but sold me a 2 - park Disney pass ( the other Disney Studios is barely open - everything is in construction ) which cost me an extra 30 Euros ( The guy gets a 7 . 5 % commission ) . The night - time attendant is just surly - if you get a nod or a grunt of acknowledgement , you are lucky . Skip the breakfast , the bakery right downstairs is great - it opens at 7am though . If you are a runner , you are in luck , because the Seine is right next to the hotel , and there are some beautiful running paths along the water .
An OK Hotel . The Splendid Etoile Hotel is a nice average French hotel which is a little dated . This adds to the charm for a romantic getaway in Paris . However , for the business traveler , it is a bit of a challenge . Taxis are impossible to get , travel arrangements can not be made through the hotel , and the checkout time is 12 noon without the possiblity to extend it . So while I liked the hotel , its services fell short of meeting the needs of the modern business traveller . I would recommend it for a romantic getaway .
Huge Disappointment . We booked this hotel based on all the positive reviews on tripadvisor . Boy , were we disappointed ! It was completely NOT worth the 300 Euro we paid per night . The front desk staff were RUDE and deceiving . We had booked a room with a double bed . But the room we were given had two twin beds and were extremely small . When we requested to change to a room with one bed , the front desk staff replied that they could change our bed to one bed instead of moving us . We were happy but we returned in the night only to find that they had not changed our bed to one bed but instead had used one sheet instead of two . We felt cheated . When we talked to them again , they said we either deal with the two twin beds or we had to move to a room in the back facing the courtyard . Our room had PAPER THIN WALLS . It was very noisy . We could hear conversations from neighboring rooms and people walking around and opening and closing doors . In the morning we would hear loud noises coming from elevator and kitchen . The door to our room had no dead bolt or chain link . One time the MAID WALKED IN ON US while we were sleeping . The bathroom was extremely small . The bathroom sink drained poorly . The shower water pressure would change depending on usage in other rooms so the WATER TEMPERATURE COULD CHANGE FROM VERY HOT TO VERY COLD as we were showering . The hair dryer handle would get so hot that I needed to wrap it with a towel in order to continue using it . The AC IN OUR ROOM DID NOT WORK AT ALL . One night when we got back to the hotel , the hotel staff were trying to pry open the ELEVATOR DOOR WHICH GOT STUCK WITH PEOPLE INSIDE ! ! ! Did I mention we were charged 6.40 Euros for a short local phone call to reserve a boat tour . Also one time while we were returning to our room , we saw ONE GUY PEEING RIGHT OUTSIDE THE HOTEL in public . The bad for this hotel far outweigh the plus . Please do youself a favor and refrain from booking this hotel . We made the mistake and would hate to see other people from making the same mistake . There are far superior hotels in Paris for far less money . If we could do it again we would go for some place such as Latin quarters with breakfast and transportation to / from airport included .
Charming Parisian Hotel . We had a wonderful stay at this hotel . This was my first trip to Paris and wanted a place that was close to everything , but would also provide a good neighborhood vibe without feeling to touristy . The hotel is located directly across from the Pantheon , a gorgeous neoclassical building . Its an approx . 7 minute walk to the metro and several great cafe 's are located a block away . This metro stop ( Luxembourg ) was very convienent for getting around Paris and seeing all the attractions , and also provided direct transport to the train station and airport . The rooms were small ( we 're from NYC so this did n't bother us ) , very clean , well kept and we loved the parisian decore . The hotel was unique with lots of charm ! Amenities we used included hotel safe , minifridge , hairdryer , soaps , breakfast cafe , concierge . The staff was very helpful - provided wine glasses for us to drink in our rooms and called a restaurant for us to make reservations ( since we do n't speak French ) . I will definitely come back and will stay here again . Best of all , the rates ca n't be beat for the atmosphere , quality , cleanliness , and location .
very nice hotel , but the management . . . This is on point of architecture and decoration for sure one of the nicest hotels in the world ! The staff is outstanding . . . but you must like this kind of FAKE acting staff , forced by the manager behind to smile even more then needed ! I had some problems during my stay , and must say that even the follow up is great , you must like the acting of the Director of Rooms Devision and the Front of the house Manager and her Assistant , because they act like they know you for years ( would not even whish it ! ) and are actually laughing in your face behind . Anyhow if all the other deluxe hotels in paris are overbooked , you can start thinking of going to the best hotel of the world ( for guest for sure , wondering for staff . . . ! )
What a great find ! This was the perfect hotel for us . We had a superior room on the top floor , which was quite big and had a big bathroom . Housekeeping did an excellent job . The front desk staff were always friendly and helpful . The location really is ideal . Lots of options for food and drinks around , the Champ du Mars is a few blocks away for a picnic , and the Metro stop is very close . You really ca n't ask for a better hotel in Paris !
Big let down . We stayed over the weekend and booked a room with a view of the Arc de Triumphe . Lets just say this trip was a massive disappointment . Checked - in and went to the room to find that not only did the room not have a view of the Arc de Triumphe - it did n't have a view at all . It literally looked straight onto a white wall of the adjacent building 5 feet away . I complained at reception that I 'd asked and been promised a room with a view of the Arc de Triumphe and had paid a premium - was told that all rooms were fully booked and there was no possibility of being moved . Apart from the room , the breakfast was very disappointing as well - the whole place was just a let down considering we 'd been expecting such great things following the reviews here . I 've visited Paris with my other half quite a few times and have always been very pleased with the quality of the hotels . What made this experience even worse was that i 'd planned to pop the question , but the room put such a dampner on the whole weekend that i decided to leave it for another time . Will return to Paris but would n't go near this place again . Avoid , unless you like to fork out a fortune for a room with no view .
Overpriced and disappointing . I booked this hotel partly on the basis of tripadvisor reviews and have got to say I was very disappointed . The fifth floor superior room was cramped , stuffy , with dated decor and two single beds pushed together to make a double . The hot water did not work properly and we had to boil several kettles to run a hot bath . For 280 euros a night ( not including breakfast ) it was bordering on ridiculous . Overpriced and not recommended
Superb location but certainly not the best . I 've been to Paris about 15 times and generally stay in the 5th . The area is lively , though extremely touristy . If you are a first time visitor to Paris , the 5th is recommended . That being said , i 've stayed at some really good hotels and some really bad ones in the 5th . I 'll put the Albe in the 7 / 10 range , not the best , certainly not the worst . As for my stay at d ' Albe , I decided to give it a try because of an amazing deal I got on the web . I paid a discounted rate for 3 nights and got a 4th night free and a free breakfast every morning . If I was paying full rate ( or nearly full rate ) I would have been disappointed with my room . Location : Smack dab in the middle of the Latin Quarter . This is good and bad . This is good because you can walk or metro or cab to nearly anywhere quickly . This is bad because d ' Albe is located on a pedestrian street . Some cab drivers will drop you off at the front of the hotel . Some will not . Thus , you may have to drag your luggage through crowds to get to the hotel . The lobby : The lobby is very modern and fresh looking . The staff : The staff is friendly enough . They made a reservation for us . Though I had a few problems here and there where the staff would take a smoke break and lock the front hotel door . Thus I had to lounge around out front of the hotel and wait for them to get back to open the door again . This generally happened only later at night ( 11pm - 1am ) The room : Small like most of Paris hotels that are not outrageously expensive . It had a safe and a flat panel TV . It had a tiny desk . It had a tiny closet . The room also had a small bathroom . We did not have a tub . We only had a shower stall ( i 'm American so shower stall is aok ) . The room looked like it was sort of remodeled recently . Maybe fresher carpet but definitely showing age . The lights flickered a lot . It only had one outlet to charge my phone / camera / computer . The bathroom showed a bit of age . The shower was not as clean as I hoped , a bit of mold here and there . The toilet ran unless you gave it a whack . I also could rarely get consistent hot water in the morning , though hot water flowed freely after 3pm . ( I checked with others staying and they had similar problems ) . The air conditioning worked wonderfully . I could make the room freezing . Breakfast : They get danishes and croissants from the bakery next door so it was all fresh . They had coffee , cheese , some hard boiled eggs and ham . For free it was very nice . For pay , you can walk next door and get a fresh hot danish for a euro or two . Overall , I did n't love it . It was very mediocre . For around the same price , there are a lot of hotels in the area that are nicer . If I got a deal again , i 'd probably stay . If I had to pay normal rates , i 'd choose elsewhere . I do n't quite see the fascination on TA about the hotel .
The bathroom should have a shower . The hotel staff is very good . You must sit down in the bathtub in order to use the hand shower . Also there is no refrigerator in the room .
One of the worst hotels ever . We stayed at the Hilton for one night on 22 August 2008 . We have booked a prepaid rate at 275 Euro for a King Size Bed . And the drama began . After receiving the credit card statement , we were surprised to find out that they have not only charged the credit card with the prepaid rate of 275 Euro , but also with an additional 1 , 600 Euro . To make a long story short , it took us more than a week to get Hilton to transfer the money back ! We have never received a word of apology ! ! ! Upon arriving there , staff were friendly as hell . It took ages to check in and my wife had to participate in an urgent conference call . When answering the guy at the reception if there is a quite area in the hotel to take this call , he replied No . . So he got us the keys to the room , my wife rushed upstairs and I have spoken to the Guest Relation Manager about the credit card charge . Finally someone apologiesed and promised us to send some champagne for the inconvience ( unfortunately , it has never arrived ) . In the meantime , I got a phone call from my wife that the keys do n't work . So she ran back downstairs and the receptionist thought he might have to give us a lessen in how to use the keys first before putting the code back on . Of course , he forgot it in the first time . While my wife was doing the phone call , I thought about buying some water in a supermarket . So I asked the porter outside the hotel and he simply returned : I do n't give directions . So I had to go back inside ask someone at the reception for a supermarket and was told , that they do n't know whether there is a supermarket around the area . So I went back outside and it was pouring . So I thought I could take a Hilton umbrella . The porter refused to give me one . Coming to the room . It was very small , the sheets and the towels smelled as if someone has smoked with it ( although it was a non - smoking room ) . The room was facing an office building and you were able to see the screens of the guys working there , which gives you really a nice feeling of privacy for your room . In addition , a church is somewhere close to the hotel and the church bell rings every hour . Furthermore , the air condition was making some burbing sound during our entire stay . The bathroom is as tiny as the room and you can see some stains and mould here and there . The shower is really uncomfortable . Anyhow , having experience in several hotels of this class in various cities around the world , this hotel is maximum a two star hotel and the employees should really get a training in how to deal with guests .
Woke up to someone having nicked my bag from my room . Was meeting some friends from Norway in Paris the first weekend of February . However , they got stuck at the airport due to bad weather , so I had to spend the first night at the hotel alone . As I was alone , I made sure to lock the door and hang the do not disturb - sign on the door before going to bed , as I wanted a good nights sleep . The next morning however , I could n't find one of my handbags . And the door was slightly open . Ran downstairs to the reception , but they hardly listened to me , refusing to believe that someone could have entered the room while I was sleeping . And first then was I made aware of there being a safe in the room and given a key to it - a bit late is n't it , when your passport , ticket back to London , Ipod and camera is missing ? ! So we had to spend half a day at the police office reporting the whole thing - our trip obviously did n't start off so well . However , it does n't stop here . The next morning , me and my friends was going downstairs when one of the girls , half laughing , said that is n't your bag though , is it ? pointing at one of the maids carrying a hand bag . Well , it bloody was ! ! ! So I told her I wanted my bag ( ! ) , she carried it downstairs to the reception - and apparently it was found where the cleaners keep bed linen and towels . Thank god , my passport and train ticket was still in the bag , but my Ipod and camera was n't of course . The next day I spoke to the hotel manager when checking out . He did apologize for what had happened ( although refused to believe that someone employed at the hotel could have done it - who else could have opened a locked door though - and known I was alone in the room ? ) , and told me that I would get my losses refunded through the hotel 's insurance . I sent them the receipts as soon as I got home , but I still have n't heard from them , even after sending follow up e - mails . By all means , the hotel was cute - but it does n't help much when you get robbed in your room while sleeping .
Great hotel for the price . Booked this hotel last minute due to overbooking at our other accom in Paris and was very impressed , the room was a little small but still plenty of room for two . Everything was spotless , the check in and out very speedy . The guy on reception was very very helpful . overall I would have no problem recommending this great little hotel in an excellant location .
A clean , reasonably priced hotel , not for the claustrophobic though . We stayed in the Hotel France Albion for 5 nights in a room - only basis , so I ca n't speak for the continental breakfast , but we found the hotel to be clean and the linen / towels / toiletries etc all to be perfectly acceptable , especially considering the price we paid for the rooms . They also provided us with a travel cot for our infant child , but with this in the room in conjunction with our suitcases , navigating the room became a bit of an obstacle course . The rooms are very small , I 'm not sure if all Parisian hotels suffer from this due to the nature of the overpopulated city , but it was very cramped indeed . Despite this , we had a very pleasant stay , no real issues with noise or anything - although be aware that when exiting the hotel and turning left , when you pass the St - Georges metro stop you 're more or less in red - light territory . We passed through it once or twice without any incident , so do n't be worried , but just in case that would influence your decision at all .
Way overrated . I completely agree with the previous post - I was there over the New Year holiday and I can not recommend this hotel until their rate drops to $ 495 a night . It 's highway robbery here - and I have stayed in the most prestigious hotels in the world : * Ritz Carlton 's in Berlin , Tokyo , Beijing , New York to name a few* Plaza New York* Raffles Singapore* Dorchester Lanesborough - London* Peninsular - Hong Kong . This hotel does not even come close . They charge and charge and charge you for every morsel . Try asking for extra juice at breakfast - its 22 euros ! ! ! ! ! about $ 30 for an extra 6 oz of juice ? ? ? ? That is just the beginning - there is so much more to say about the high pricing - sterile attitude and pretensious management attitudes which do not make for a fine hotel . The room and the beds are beautiful but this hotel does NOT have a Parisien feel at all . It amazes me that it gets these reviews ( they must all be over 70 years old and do n't travel much ) . If you want to be hunkered down in a bubble - where no one bothers you and you do n't care about the true Parisien lifestyle - sure - stay here . Make sure you re - finance your home , sell your car and bring lots of cash for the many employees who are grateful for their $ 20 tips all day . After all - its not the staff 's fault - but the management that is lacking here . No department talks to the other . The only answer you get is : I will call them and let them know If you are paying these rates - you should make sure management does their job - make sure you check your bill , make sure they do turn down ( they missed it one day ) and make sure you stay in your room all day to enjoy the $ 60 an hour rates . I just do n't get it - what makes this hotel any better than my $ 395 Ritz Carlton stay in Berlin ? ? ? Nothing . Spend your money . They will gladly take it ( all ) from you - with a yes we understand attitude . No other efforts are made to compensate you for all the mismanagement - and poor value at this overrated property . I realy could care less about celebrities - I have a far better life than they do . What I require is service and value - I will gladly spend the $ 1500 an night - but do n't give me $ 300 worth of service . For all the missed requests , mis mangement , overcharhing and other problems they should have comp 'd me a night or more - not here - no such offer from a truly fine hotel . Have fun spending your hard earned money - I 'll bet you wont be back .
credit card # STOLEN from room safe ! view from room
Dreadful service , poor experience . Dreadful service , poor experience . The hotel is located about 20 minutes walking distance from Arc de Triomphe . We stayed in Paris for 8 days on our route to Italy and Monaco . We specifically picked Hilton in order to utilize our Hilton HHONORS points and get treated as a HHonor preferred member . Up until this trip , we have been going out of our way to stay in Hilton and Hilton affiliated hotels worldwide and enjoying Hilton 's hospitality and service . Hilton needs to seriously consider having their name associated with this particular hotel and audit the current management structure . Hilton Arc de Triomphe provides no value for the money with zero customer service . Please my travel notes below : Hilton Act1 - The Entrance As we arrived in the morning , we were faced by a busy lobby and number of people waiting to to get checked - in at front desk . Most Hiltons have a line dedicated to HHONORS members , but there was nobody attending the HHONORS desk at the time . After 15 minutes waiting in the line , we were checked in and ushered to our room . As we entered our room , we noticed the room was not cleaned and the bed was still unmade with dirty towels all over the room . Oh great ! After being so tired flying from San Francisco to Paris and now I had to deal with this I proceed downstairs with my little toddler on my side raising concerns with the assistant manager standing behind the HHONORS desk . He made an excuse that " it can not be " and without apologizing said : " are you sure " ? I showed him a picture that I just took on my digital camera ! ! ! We were assigned a new room . Hilton Act2 - The change of scenery Our second room was located in section C , exterior . As we entered our room and pushed the window drapes aside , we were unpleasantly surprised by the view of our room that we were going to enjoy for 8 days ! ! ! The windows faced the back of the hotel with full view of garbage , broken wood pieces and a dirt road with flooded ground due to the recent rain . Right under our room , we noticed tour buses honking and waiting to load passengers creating unbearable noises . You do n't believe me ; take a look at the pictures attached . If you are staying in this hotel , DO NOT stay in section C facing the back of the hotel ! ! ! Insist on a room facing the interior . Section A exterior is also dreadful as it faces a busy street . Hilton Act3 - I give up ! ! ! It has been almost 2 hours since we initially entered the hotel . Being extremely frustrated , I went to the lobby again to complain about the room yet again . The assistant manager explained that interior rooms on the high floor have been reserved for the " executives " staying at the hotel . After insisting a new room , we were assigned a new room on section A facing the interior . That is the room we stayed throughout our stayed at Hilton . Food : As one of the high lights of the hotel , I must give credit to the hotel on their breakfast buffet . They have a great selection of American and European . If you are staying at the hotel , do n't miss the breakfast buffet . SPA Services : The hotel went out of their way to advertize their SPA and SPA services . We did not use any of the services , but noticed the SPA was located in the hotels basement . As I briefly visited the SPA area , the atmosphere seems stuffy and basement like . Cleanliness The hotel and rooms are mostly clean and in a good shape . Two major issues are the unpleasant smell of perfume throughout hallways and foul odor coming out of the hotel 's plumbing and sewer . The hallways have a strange smell of mold masked with the smell of perfume . As we changed so many rooms , we walked around the hotel and visited at least four floors . All floors had this moldy and weird smell . The smell was especially strong during the morning time as I am sure they applied fresh batch of perfumes . The smell coming from hotels plumping was extremely unbearable . Imagine as you are brushing your teeth , you are faced with an unpleasant aroma of the sewer system ! I had to empty a bottle of shampoo in the sink to mask the smell while brushing my teeth on a daily basis . Hotel concierge We used the hotel concierge to book a tour of Eifel tower with dinner and sine river tour . If you use the concierge , the price will be considerably more . Book directly with the tour operator instead or better yet , just directly go and purchase the tickets .
Wish I could have loved it more . The property is very beautiful and has fabulous common areas and yes , breakfast is fantastic - esp outside in the courtyard . The people who serve breakfast are really nice - great service . The location really is n't that great compared to other Paris 6 / 7 properties . It 's on a non - descript side street that leads into another non - descript side street that is then off a busy avenue or two - it is near St . Sulpice but there are hotels that are closer to the Seine , the heart of St . Germain and the Luxembourg gardens . It is very expensive for what you get - we booked a suite and what qualified as a suite was pretty funny even for Paris standards - it was basically a large room but with enough space for two chairs and a desk . We frequently stay at another nearby hotel that really provides a suite for a similar price to what we paid . Service ( breakfast ) was great but I agree with comments about reception . In particular there was a gentleman with no hair and glasses ( the only one ) who was downright rude to us . They wo n't win any service awards .
Beware of this Hotel . This hotel got my credit card information when the hotel I booked with could n't get me a room and without my consent charged my credit card as I did n't show up . I have emailed but the answer is that the owner is out of town so there is nothing they can do and asked my original hotel to contact them as they were the ones that booked for me ( without my authorization ) and they told me they are really sorry but the hotel is not willing to reverse the charges and the only way I can get this resolved is filing a credit card fraud claim as I did not sign or give my credit information to this hotel . Be careful with your credit card information when dealing with this hotel ! ! ! !
Great location , everything else is disappointing . The first thing to beware of with this hotel is the difference between the renovated and unrenovated / dirty rooms . The unrenovated rooms reminded me of a medieval dungeon . The unrenovated rooms have peeling paint , worn carpet and are dark / dreary . I had to ask for a renovated room . Although this was given to me , I had to pay extra for it . The renovated room was much better and well sized for a Paris hotel . However , the sheets had holes in them and some questionable stains . The service in the hotel was unimpressive ( with the exception of the bellboy ) . I would have switched hotels except that most of the hotels were fully booked ( except in the $ 500 category ) . The best thing about this hotel is its location . It is close to the metro , the Louvre and Rue St Honore . If you do n't mind some discomfort , this is the right hotel for you .
Small and friendly . THis place is very well located to access the latin Quarter of Paris and is conveniently close for a short walk to Notre Dame and on to the Louvre and Toulieres Gardens . It is essentially a charming 6 storey town house with two rooms on each floor . I had a Superior room which was most satisfactory . Bedroom , lounge [ ette ] , kitchenette and bathroom . Decor was pleasant and in good order . , and not , thankfully , matching pattern everywhere ! The breakfast was adequate although I would suggest you bought your own croissant , confiture , coffee etc from one of the many food shops nearby and made your own in your kitchenette - the Salon for breakfast , although clean tidy and OK is in the basement and a bit lonely . The chap on the front desk was most helpful and courteous in his manner . One felt inclined to rebook here if wishing to be this side of the river .
Overbooked ? ! ? First we were quite pissed about the fact fact that we booked another hotel and had to stay in your hotel . But the nice room , very friendly people ( specialy matthieu Croisiez ) and good location let us forget this very soon . So no comments at all and we have hade en excellent weekend . Thanks !
I love de L ' Abbaye - charming , warm , and great location . I 've been to Paris many times , and had had this hotel recommended to me more than once - did n't book it until a trip with a girlfriend to hang out in cafes , shop , and wear red lipstick . The rooms are small , true , but for the price in Paris perfectly fine . Nice marble - y bathrooms with everything you need . The public rooms are the real show here - no less because we arrived in a very rainy week . There is a lovely living room with a fireplace - bit of a contest to see who can snag the comfy armchairs closest to the fire and read all day - and a solarium where you take breakfast . There is also a small bar , which of course is almost empty and only really hotel guests , so , unlike many Paris hotels , you can spend quite a lot of time in your hotel but still have a drink or just be out of your room . The location is killer - smack in the middle of the 6th near all the best shopping and great cafes .
Great Charm and Gentility . We arrived at the hotel at 8am , exhausted and rumpled from an all night flight across the Atlantic . The front desk , after appologizing that our room would not be ready til 1pm , immediately suggested we leave our baggage , utilize the lavatory facilities , send an email home announcing our arrival if we liked and enjoy a complimentary breakfast in the garden conservatory . Their attention and concern set the tone for our two night stay . While our room was small , it was nicely decorated , and quiet , overlooking their lovely garden . Their cafe au lait was the best we had during our 4 weeks in France . When I had a problem confirming a leased car , the desk staff helped me work through it . When I tried practicing my French , they politely answered in French . Since they all spoke excellent English , however , they also switched to English whenever I seemed confused or if I asked a question in English . The hotel 's public space was cozy and charming , the location was great , the staff delightful . I would happily stay here again and recommend it to my friends .
A good hotel for 2007 . When we booked I made a point of asking if there would be any renovation work going on at the time of our stay . The reception staff said that there would be a little , but there would be no noise audible in our room . It was very disappointing to find that during the day a loud drilling noise which vibrated through the building could often be heard . Having stayed here several times before , the whole point of this hotel is the great rooms which provide an escape from the chaos outside . Until the work is complete we wo n't be returning , and even then it bothers me that they were less than honest when we booked . The work was due to end this summer ( June 2006 ) , but it now looks likely to continue for some months beyond that . Once the work is complete I would certainly recommend this hotel again , as I agree with most of the comments written below .
Excellent Rating ? ? My husband and I stayed at the Bassano for about a week in July . We picked this hotel based off the TripAdvisor ratings and I must say I was really dissappointed . This was our last stop on a 2 month European trip and it was the only hotel that did n't live up to its great reviews . There was n't anything terribly wrong with the hotel but I defineltly would n't rate it as the best hotel in Paris . I would say that if you are a frequesnt traveler to Paris and need no assistance from the hotel staff ( i . e . restaurant sightseeing recommendations , tickets etc . ) then this hotel is very centrally located and easy walking distance to the underground . Other than that I really would n't recommend this hotel for families or first time tourists who need some assistance in planning out a day of sightseeing or restaurant recommendations .
Fantastic hotel for the price . room view of the Pantheon
absolutely the worst hotel . Having travelled extensively in the U . S . and abroad , we were so shocked upon check - in at this hotel that within 2 hours , we checked out and went to the Hotel Plaza Athenee . Vendome is garish , but above all severely lacks tact , professionalism and competent customer service . The room that I booked 30 days in advance was already issued upon our arrival because the hotel was overbooked . I had to ring room service 4 times for a bottle opener for a diet coke , took an hour . Instead of leaving the bottle opener in the room , the attendant curtly stated that it , ' was hers ' , and took it with her . I attempted to go to the spa for a massage to relieve some of the travel stress , requested a gender - specific therapist ( and the wrong gender showed up ) and received singularly the worst massage ever . Attempted to order room service for dinner , the room service operator insisted that she would not bring coffee with the entree and that I would have to call back after I finished dinner if I still wanted the coffee . Under no circumstances would I recommend this hotel to anyone much less a saavy traveler or trusted friend .
very snooty . Do n't stay here if you can get a room at the Eiffel Tower Hilton . The quality of staff here can in no way compare to the staff at the Eiffel Tower Hilton . And the room was dirty and small . The wait staff in the Executive Lounge would openly make fun of the guests with one another . I saw them pointing and laughing at one middle - aged woman because of the orthopedic shoes she had on and they did this right in front of her ! And the doormen were only interested in helping the Sheik and his party . I guess this is how the French have gotten their reputation for snootiness . I wo n't stay here again if I can help it .
Clean but . . . Overall the hotel is very clean . There are some renovations still being done in the common areas of the lobby but it did not interfere with anything . The staff was wonderful ! We had problems with the WiFi , which was anything but high speed , and the whole hotel was set to heat for the winter . Our room stayed extrememly warm so we had to leave our window open all night long . The surrounding stores receive deliveries at very early hours therefore we had the noise of those deliveries come right into our room . With that , we did not get much sleep even with ear plugs ! Carole at the hotel was very helpful and gave us a reduced rate for our trouble so staff was never the issue . We would not stay here again nor recommend anyone to unless the things mentioned would not concern them .
Perfect Paris Getaway ! If you are looking for a hotel with a real Parisian feel , look no further ! We booked the Splendid Etoile by the positive reviews on Trip Advisor months ago for our 30th wedding anniversary getaway and it ended up being exactly what we wanted . Our room was # 207 and it was perfect . Having a corner room wrap around balcony , with three floor to ceiling french doors - one in the bath and two in the bedroom / sitting area . French furnishings , a crystal chandelier and a large marble bathroom . A flat screen tv too ! not that you will be watching much tv but a daily news report in English was nice to keep in touch with the world even while on vacation . This was our first trip to Paris and we wanted a hotel that was quaint , French , accommodating , clean , convenient to the Metro / transportation and near the Champs Elysees for evening walks . The Splendid fit all of our needs . The location was a few blocks from the Champs but was surprisingly quiet even with the french doors opened . The location is near many restaurants , cafes , bars , bakeries , wine shops , etc . Also the CDG / Air France bus stops on the opposite corner so getting to and from the airport is a breeze and less expensive than taking a cab . Buy the round trip ticket for the bus for a good deal . The Metro stop was right outside the door of the hotel and we used only the Metro for getting around the city . We also booked a couple of excursions thru a travel company that picked us up by minivan at the door of the Splendid Etoile as well . Walking to the Champs Elysees a few evenings for dinner and people watching was very nice and a lovely stroll among the neighborhood getting there . The staff - - especially Farooq - - was the best . Always greeted us and spoke perfect English , thank goodness , since our French consisted of only a few words and phrases . Farooq was very knowledgable and more than accommodating about any questions we had , going over and above aiding us with helpful hints , good suggestions and general French info . He is by far the best concierge we have ever used ! The rest of the staff were also very pleasant and helpful . The room we booked was a superior and very spacious , clean , with a french style decor - - silk wall coverings , draperies , furnishings , and the balcony with a wonderful view of the Arc d ' Triomphe ! ! ! ! We never had breakfast or dinner at the hotel so we can not comment on the dining experience at the hotel . But right across the street is a nice restaurant L ' Emporieur that had a delicious menu . We never had a bad meal there . . . . . . . . . ate a few breakfasts and dinners there . Authentic french fare . . . duck , chicken with mustard sauce , jambon and fromage sandwiches , omelets , chocolate crescents . . . And the best steak , potatoes and dessert we had in the city all week was at this little cafe ! And that is saying a lot since we didnt have a bad meal all week no matter where we happened to eat . . . . . from the bakeries , street fare , bistros or expensive restaurants . . . . . . . . . So you dont have to walk all over the city looking for a good place to dine every night when L ' Emporieur is so close by . And the staff there are very nice too ! We highly recommend this hotel ! ! ! !
Accurate reviews . First of all , thanks to all who write reviews for this website . We found the reviews to be very accurate . This hotel definitely deserves its rank . My only trepidation in writing this review is that someday it will be too popular to get a reservation ! After comparing its location with my other top choices , I 'm glad we choose it . The laws of physics dictate that if it 's a busy street and you 're above it , noise travels up ! at first glance the street did look very quiet , but as we got to know the area we found all we needed . Others have mentioned the various shops for food , etc . . so I 'll just mention the ATM at the end of the block ( left out of the hotel ) where you feel very safe . We ate at Le Basilac , one of the restaurants on the sheet that the front desk will give you for asking . It 's very close and business was just picking up when we left at 9p . m . We loved the hotel ! The staff is gracious , polite and willing to help . The rooms are clean and tastefully decorated and the bathrooms were great . My husband is a pretty good - sized guy and he felt very comfortable with the beds and the bath . The mini - fridge came in handy and we stocked up from the store across the street ( and the patiserrie down the street ) We ordered a taxi for the airport the day before with the front desk and it arrived right on time . The gentleman that placed the order was kind enough to ask about our luggage and realize we would need to reserve a larger taxi . Oh , just remember that if you order a taxi , the meter starts from their departure point , not your ' s ! We 're definitely going to stay here again .
truely disappointed . I must say this hotel was quite a disappointment compared to the accolades received on tripadvisor . There was no help with the luggage to the room , elevator was tiny , and could fit one person and one piece of luggage . My room was so small , I could barely move around . The shower stall was also very small . The location was out of the way for all my activities . I was just totally disappointed with the whole experience . I would never stay at this hotel again . The only positive thing about the hotel was the air conditioning , it worked and it was adapted to each room .
Good Value , Friendly Hotel . I go to Paris in November every year for Christmas shopping . We stayed in La Pera last year but the prices had almost doubled this year so I went in search of a different hotel for this years trip . I looked on Trip Advisor and found the Louvre St Anne and I booked a triple room at this hotel based on the reviews it had gotten from Tripadvisor guests , its location and price . Overall we were very happy with the hotel . Our room was clean and bright and the bathroom was a good size . We had a small balcony which was nice to sit out on to get some air . The reception was manned 24 hours a day and the receptionists were very friendly and helpful anytime we needed anything . The hotel is close to the Louvre , Opera and the big department stores and there is a metro stop close by which makes the entire city accessible . There were some very nice restaurants in the neighbourhood - Willis Wine Bar and Liza 's a Lebanese restaurant were two we ate at . There are also lots of Japanese restaurants along the surrounding streets but we did n't try any of these . Getting to the hotel was relatively straight forward . We got the Roissybus from CDG to Opera and I printed directions from Google Maps from the bus stop to the hotel which was about a 5 minute walk . A few slightly negative points I would make are that the lift is not big , the hallways are narrow and the reception area is small . Our room was also a little small for three people and the third bed was up on a ledge over the double bed . The hotel is however a three star hotel and so overall we felt the amount we had paid versus the other good points mentioned above made the hotel very good value in a city where many of the hotels are dingy and overpriced . Overall we were very happy with our stay and we plan to book this hotel again next year for our annual trip once the price remains reasonable .
Left Bank gem . My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in November 2006 . The room was quite pleaseant and above average in size for Paris . Nice bathroom - not sumptuous but attractive , all the necessaries and a decent size with a big window overlooking a garden and other apartments - you are not looking at a brick wall . The bed was very comfortable . Two closets , a desk , small table , 2 chairs and aqequate room to wander around - a real bonus ! The front window overlooks a small park and the street . The room was quiet as it is set down a small side street . We had breakfast in the hotel one morning but it was nothing special . The real plus for this hotel is the small kitchen facility - sink , fridge , hotplate ( 2 burner ) . There are loads of cafes which offer breakfast at the same price as the hotel in the area . Also , there is a lovely boulangerie just up the road and a small grocery store around the corner so it is much , much cheaper to buy your own breakfasts , store in the fridge and have what youy want instead of the standard fare . You could also manage other meals if necessary because of the facilities . The desk staff were excellent as is the overall location of the hotel . You will be spoilt for choice as far as restaurants are concerned . Great location for Notre Dame , Pantheon , Metro , RER , shopping and the Left Bank . We would definitely stay here again . Chris Jan , Oakville , Ontario , Canada .
Something missing ? After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor , my husband I stayed at the Elysees Regencia for 4 nights in March , so had time to make a considered opinion about the place . I ca n't really find anything bad to say about the hotel - a couple of gripes , no drawer space in the room , slamming doors from other guests early in the morning , concierge service a bit erractic . The staff are friendly and helpful and the place is spotlessly clean . However there 's something missing - atmosphere ! I noticed a piano in the lobby , but nobody playing it . There was hardly ever anybody in the bar , so there was n't much opportunity to chat with other guests , pass the time of day . If you want peace and quiet then this is the place for you - but if you like your hotels with a bit of life then choose somewhere else .
Perfect night in Paris ! The view from our balcony
great location , watch your belongings . The view is great ( if you have a room facing the Tuileries ) . But watch your belongings . A significant amount of cash disappeared from my bag while stored for an afternoon in their baggage room . Management was less than helpful . Blamed me for leaving cash in the bag . Did not propvide any assistance - like contacting police . Management seems to think stealing is OK if the opportunity is there . A tripadvisor member New York City May 5th , 2008
Overpriced , over hyped and lacks Disney Magic . Booked 3 - night stay through Disney Web Site primarily for kids to meet characters based on trip advisor reviews and proximity to theme park . No availability for certain dates so also booked Radisson SS for 3 - nights . Radisson SAS was superior product in my opinion . Hotel is clean , lobby areas have pleasing aroma , but generally very poor service . Room quality was reasonable but functionality lacking . Booked babysitter at check - in due to business meeting in Paris , form completed and signed but alas form was not processed by Disney staff and no baby sitter was made available , phoned on morning to confirm baby sitter and Manager apologized but was unable to find a babysitter . Service at bars and restaurants was generally very slow but room service was exceptionally good and quick . Go figure ! Food quality was excellent and buffet choice is wide ranging . Highlight of stay was opportunities for kids to meet Disney Characters at meal times . First attempt at switching on shower and the spray head fell off , which they fixed immediately but there were other small functional problems that created some minor frustration . For a Castle Club room it was not impressive at all . Staff were generally indifferent but a few provided exceptional service and overall service was adequate but less than what I expected from Disney particularly at the price paid . Family would stay there again but just for Disney Characters and walking distance to Theme Park , family preference was Radisson SAS Hotel which offered a superior product at better value and with much better customer service . Disney can and does do better than what was provided and experienced at this hotel on this occasion .
Sorry - disappointed . The splurge of our 2 - week European trip was 4 nights at the Georges V in Paris in September 2006 . Certainly it is beautiful , the service was impressive , but unless there is a view , you could be in any city , which I found very disappointing . For a thousand dollars a night , ( not a discounted rate ) the hotel could not find a room to switch us to with a view . Our room was the only room down a long hallway ( # 310 , I believe ) that looked out onto an alley - like street with neon signs right in our view . I did n't want to show my extreme disappointment to my husband but I would not go again unless a view was specifically mentioned as reserved . I was hoping for a view similar to their advertising . Perhaps $ 1 , 000 rooms are entry - level at this hotel .
Great Location . This is a great hotel in a great location . I wouldnt even look for another hotel if I visit Paris again as this one is just perfect for the price . I can not recommend it highly enough .
Great Staff = Good Hotel . The staff at the Hotel France Albion was really great ! They planned trips for us to take and would call around to get us into the things we really wanted to see . . . . we had decided that we would wait until we got there to try to book the appointments , which is a bad idea , but the staff made it happen for us ! We went on a very romantic river dinner boat cruise on the seine which was amazing plus we got to take in a show at the Moulin Rouge which was very entertaining and not trashy at all . You can walk to the Moulin Rouge from the hotel . . . plus we loved a dining facility near the hotel that they suggested yummy yummy yummy . . . it was a little pricy but soooo good ! The staff spoke English well and was great . Only things we did not enjoy about staying at this hotel was that we did have to get on the metro station a lot to see the major sites , we witnessed people peeing on the street as we walked home two nights in a row . We were not in a high tourist part of town so the locals in a grocery store hated us , we had to leave our hotel key with the front desk every time we left which made us a little nervous , and the hotel was not easy to find if you did not get off the metro at the exact stop . I would suggest staying in this hotel because of the staff because the two women we dealt with were wonderful ! ! They were perfect and made the experience awesome . Even with the few negatives I listed above I would stay at this hotel again because we are young and did not mind some of the things that went on that were not so wonderful . The pros overcome the cons !
No Eurostar bad luck not my problem . The staff and management of this hotel would not attempt to help my wife and I in any particular way . We were stranded due to a fire in the Euro tunnel and with no flights available and all car ferrys to the continent fully bookedwe were stuck in England . We spoke to the Duty Manager to inform her of our situation and were told that it was not their problem and we would be paying in full for a room we could not use but could be resold . We have also sent several e - mails to the General Manager none of which have been replied to . We would 've gladly stayed on another date had this been offered . I dare say that after this review we will receive an e - mail from the GM with an offer to stay but unfortunately it will be too little too late . As I am a concierge in one of londons top hotels and I know what good service is I will not be staying in this hotel in the future and will not be recommending this hotel to my guests or fellow concierge in London .
This hotel may be unsafe for women travelling alone ! On July 6 , 2005 I arrived from dinner at 12:30 am to my hotel , Hotel Relais Bosquet . I had been at this hotel for 9 days visiting my daughter in Paris . This is the 4th visit to this wonderful neighborhood . hotel that is very pretty with a very lovely staff . That evening the night desk clerk became very agressive upon my arrival . He pulled me into the basement kitchen to get wine from the refrigerator . I managed to get back up the stairs . He then tried to come to my room . I quickly went up the stairs to the room of a friend and her son to learn that his behavior toward her had been much the same . The next morning I , along with my female friend and her son who were also guests in the hotel , filed a formal written complaint against the actions of the night desk clerk with the hotel manager . We learned that he had worked there for 4 years . The hotel sent both of us roses and champagne as an apology . On the early evening of July 7 , the manager asked all of us to confront this man with our written complaints in both English and French . He began to scream at me and call me a liar . I left the area and called American Express to assist me to find another hotel immediately . The hotel did not fired this man . I had reservations to return to the hotel July 14 for 3 nights . The hotel suggested I go elsewhere because he would be remaining in employment there . The hotel did not charge me for my last 2 nights at the hotel . The hotel did not charge the other woman and her son for 2 nights , also . We both checked out on July 8 and did not return the next week as planned . I consider this an unsafe hotel for women who may be travelling with another female friend , son or daughter , or alone . It makes me very sad because I have loved the hotel and the location . I moved to the Intercontinental Hotel for the return to Paris .
Many plusses , but some problems . I actually loved this hotel for its spacious room , comfortable bathroom , close proximity to the Metro and a grocery ( great for traveling with small kids ) and fantastic location on a quiet street . However , continental breakfast ( 2 croissants and a hot drink ) was overpriced at 9 euros ( no discount for even little kids ) , and the elevator was out of order on 4 of the 6 days of our stay . When I suggested that there should be some accommodation for not having an elevator ( as it was an essential part of my requirements when booking a room with small kids ) , I was told on the second ( or third ) day of our stay that they would find me another hotel , but that was all ( i . e . , take it or leave it ) . As I was traveling with two small children ( ages 2 4 ) , had already unpacked and had gotten acclimated , I did n't consider this a realistic option , especially for a 6 - day stay . When I asked for a late check - out on our final day ( 2:30 pm , as opposed to noon ) , as a small concession , I was flatly and very curtly refused . Otherwise the service was very helpful . Finally , the cleaning staff was very very good , but very very noisy , talking loudly among themselves down the halls and up and down the stairs in the mornings . No problem if you 're an early riser . In sum , many plusses , but I 'm not sure it was worth the price .
Great location , but . . . The location of this hotel certainly ca n't be beat , and the staff was very pleasant . However , we found the room we were in ( Room 407 ) to be small even by Parisian standards , and the furnishings were tired and worn . The bed had the thinnest mattress that we have ever slept upon , and the pillows were almost nonexistent . For the price we paid , you can do much better . This hotel needs a serious room make - over .
Miniature offering . My wife and I booked a superior room for the weekend . Our room was on the 5th floor . Apparently it was a superior double . The positives : great quiet location , clean , tidy , well lit and had a flat screen tv . . . all very nice . BUT . . . it was so small . We literally had 50cms around our bed to change etc and by the time you had stowed away your bags there was n't any room to function properly . Parisians will tell you that these sized rooms have a certain charm to them and are typically 7me arrondissement but no this was a joke . We asked to see other rooms but true enough we had one of the better ones so we were stuck ( although we did contemplate changing our hotel as this was so bad ) . We got used to the room and after a while it became a laugh but only in the knowledge that we would never never go there again . It might be bearable as a business traveller on your own for a night but longer than this or two sharing forget it . Shame really .
The worst hotel . We were given an executive room . I can only say this is the smallest room I have ever been given . It was dark , with no views to speak of . I can only assume that this was a broom cupboard which had been converted to a room . The receptionist said that breakfast was not included even though it was . I had to find my booking to show him it was . I could not bear to spend one night in that awful room . Inspite of having paid a package for 3 nights , I had to leave and paid for a room in Le fouquet , which was great . I am extremely surprised about the reviews I read in tripadvisor . I am 62 and have been all over the world . I have never seen such a bad shoddy excuse for a room . There is no way on earth this could be describe as a 5 star hotel . More like the worst 3 star hotel I have seen .
Good location , nice decor , hot water problems . Good points : very very central location , very nice decor ( much better than many hotels I 've stayed at in Paris ) Breakfast was good enough ( with English newspapers as well ) Good rate via laterooms . com at 150Euro per night . Bad points : I was on the 6th floor and with the windows open it was noisy , but expect that for central Paris . No air - con . I suspect the rooms will be very hot in the summer . NO WATER in the morning ! ! This happened twice ! Reception greeting on arrival - the guy behind the desk was very miserable . However , other receptionists were very nice .
A Parician legend . We just came back from Paris after we have spend three nights at this exceptional hotel . We normally stay at the Ritz Hotel but this time we have desided to stay at the Four Seasons George V . It is not easy to compare the two hotels as they are both prestige and world famous . The Ritz is smaller but it has more original French style rooms as well as , is in a better location and more near to everything . The only problem is that if you like the night life and also to see more people walking about during the night then you defently have to stay at the George V Hotel . Everything about this hotel is perfection ; exceptional rooms , friendly staff , prestige public areas with gleaming floors , 19th - century furniture and paintings , unique 17th - century Flemish wall tapestries , glittering chandeliers , and spectacular flower arrangements in the public areas by the world famous floral designer Jeff Leatham . During our stay we had a deluxe room on the 7th floor with the Eiffel Tower View . We also had twice dinner at the hotel 's elegant dressed in grey and gold restaurant Le Cinq . The food is exceptional and the waiters very very frendly . To be honest the staff here are more friendly than in the Ritz 's Espandon restaurant . We also had two Spa treatments each which we have found to be very good . The swimming pool is smaller than the Ritz 's hotel but it is also very very nice and luxurious . Today back in London we can only say that we shall defently go back to the Four Seasons George V Hotel , not only because it is defently the most prestige hotel in Paris but also for its exceptional service and friendly staff .
Plumbing Problems . Just returned from a two night stay celebrating our 25th anniversary . The hotel was beautiful , the room was exquisite , the small touches were well thought out . I did n't expect plumbing problems though from a luxury hotel . We were watching a movie in the room when we heard a strange noise . Upon investigation , it was water bubbling up through the shower drain . We had n't showered yet as it was still early evening . We called maintenance who said there was no problem . I told him it was not hygenic but his response was that it was n't toilet water . Toilet water or not , I would have at least expected the evening maid to disinfect the shower . She was already there when the maintance man came . She did n't clean the shower . I found that disgusting and unsanitary . I did n't use the shower again . I wo n't return there !
J ' aime beaucoup l " Hotel des Grands Hommes . The hotel location is great - a short walk down the street to the Metro , Blvd St . Michel , Luxembourg Gardens . My room , although small , was beautifully appointed and fit my needs very well . I would definitely return for another stay , and would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to friends .
Oh so sorry to say its not perfect ! Just returned from our second stay at Four Seasons George V , Paris . We were lucky to be upgraded again to a beautiful suite . All was perfect until the last evening . Started with room attendant smashing a glass by the mini - bar , accidents do happen . Took 1 / 2 hour for housekeeping to arrive to clear up glass , not unduly a problem for us . Ordered room service , two meat dishes of the day , as per previous evening . Had checked the content of the dishes earlier in the day and confirmed with room service when ordered . As usual the meal arrived exactly on time but this time completely the wrong order ! Room attendant phoned room service to get order changed to our original request . Room service called to apologise and double check order . Order arrived 40 mins later , 1hr 10 mins now since first ordering meal , correct meat everything else wrong ! Asked for bread to be brought as well and when this was delivered the attendant dropped it on the floor . He spent some time on hands and knees looking for a missing bread roll , which by this time had become quite comical ! All this shattered our illusions about the service from this beautiful hotel . Try the ice - bar if you are visiting , we had a wonderful time there . Do check your bill as mentioned in other posts , we were charged for parking two cars for one of our nights stay ! The wrong room rate had also been quoted . Would we go back ? yes definitely ! !
anti - American . The hotel has an excellent location and the facilities offered are very nice . However , the owner , Jean - Marc , has an anti - American streak that is quite off - putting . I will not stay there again .
A Taste of Paris . My family of 4 ( 2 adults , 13 year old and 10 year old ) spent 4 wonderful nights at Hotel Residence Foch . On arriving by train at a metro stop in close proximity to the hotel , we had no difficulties finding Hotel Residence Foch which is situated in a very quiet and safe neighbourhood within walking distance from the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower . On the first night , Nellie spent time highlighting major sites to visit and helped us to prepare a comprehensive itinerary for the duration of our stay . Whilst I had spent time preparing an itinerary prior to leaving Australia , it was most helpful to have input from a resident . Nellie and her staff are friendly and very accommodating . I required a doctor on arrival and the reception staff promptly organised for the doctor to visit . Afterwards , we explored the area near the Hotel and also headed to the Eiffel Tower to view the lights on dusk - spectacular . Our spacious room was very suitable for our family . It consisted of two rooms partitioned by a heavy curtain with a very clean large bathroom . The decor was very tasteful . After busy days , visiting museums , riding on Hop On Hop Off buses and eating in exquisite French restaurants , it was wonderful to arrive back to Residence Foch to rest and be restored for the next day . We all enjoyed the breakfast buffet . We also purchased cold meats from the local butcher , French cheeses from the Deli and delectable treats from the pastry shop which we ate in the foyer of Residence Foch . The free internet was also great - my two children had the opportunity to communicate with their friends in Australia . Hotel Residence Foch is definately a safe and suitable place to stay with a family . Thank you , Nellie and the Team
So - so . Pros : Great location , very clean facilities , friendly and helpful staff , way above average breakfast buffet , air - conditioned rooms . Cons : Tiny - tiny rooms , those facing the street are unbearably noisy at night ; thermostat in one of the rooms did not work . Bottom line : for 150 euro per night per double - room one can do better than this
An overrated hotel . I read reviews and am fairly adept at determing when people are overlycomplimentary or negative . Wow . . . did I miss it here . It was merely an adequate boutique hotel in a fabulous location . We have stayed in Paris several times and were specifically looking for a hotel near the Arch D ' Triumphe . I e - mailed with the hotel and was assured that our upgraded room would be large . . . we could barely put our luggage in the room and no room to move around . We upgrade to a junior suite that was laughable . The furniture appeared to have been bought at a yard sale . There are numerous 3* hotels in all the surrounding streets to select from . The breakfast was expensive , 12 euro per person for a continental breakfast . Yohan who seems to have his own fan club is typically officious French . We had fun trying to get him to smile . He did provide some suggestions but it was a challenge ! If you want the same area and rating , I would check out the Princess Caroline next door .
Banal and Tiring . This was not my beautiful , contemporary renovated , luxurious romantic Parisian Hotel as claimed by the website . The entrance is beside gas stations and parking lots , not interesting ! No leafy green cafe culture out the door . Inside the lobby , there 's a pitcher of water / juice , big deal - - there 's no lounge . And some gleaming vases and twigs . This hardly rates the prices for chic . Everything is extremely small , even for Parisian standards : the lobby , the restaurant ( strong stench of vomit towards the back ) , the room ! the bath ! ( mildew and tiny ) . The valets looked in the other direction with their hands behind their backs each time we struggled in the doors with parcels and luggage . The front desk staff was extremely out of touch , unhelpful and seemed never to have checked anyone into a hotel before . Everything about guests was a burden to them . The first room we got was a terrible disappointment , cramped and uncomfortable , bizarrely and badly laid out . Plus it had some other guests items in it ( Mail and special requests ) . We wanted to upgrade but the better and hopefully comfortable room would n't be available until the next day . We were told it would be ready at 2pm , and so we came back from our sightseeing to do that . It was n't ready , and we were told at 3 and we would get a call . It still was n't ready , and when I went down to the front desk at 4 , I overheard the assistant manager had assigned it to someone else ( better tipper ? just say so ! ) and so we could only move to another disappointing room , all that was available so they claimed . Already exhausted and tired and just want to rest or move smoothly to a decent room that was promised when it was promised . This took an afternoon out of the holiday . Mildew on the bathroom walls and leaks in the bathroom . Bulgari products or not . The breakfast wait staff was terrible , no help with the cold coffee or introduction to their system or menu . The buffet eggs were cold , and when informed the wait staff simply stirred them up . The pool and spa area was a health hazard : there is a small sort of narrow canal of water that you are encouraged by the attendant to leap over ( or you get your shoes wet ) - - an obvious way to twist an ankle . Breakfast chef was friendly though . He immediately made fresh eggs for us . The only proactive , involved person there . Turn down service / chocolates luxury did n't happen . Only one robe / slippers for two people . High prices for the internet . Just a complete waste of time , utterly fatiguant . Have now purchased a copy of Sawday 's book Paris Hotels .
Adequate . Six months ago we stayed at the Hotel Splendid Etoile in Paris based on the rating and reviews on the Trip Advisor web site . The hotel was better than the reviews . In planning another trip to Paris ( Dec , 06 ) , I consulted Trip Advisor to find a better rating for the Royal Magda Etoile . Although the room was clean , spacious and adequate , it was no more . The elevator was barely large enough for two adults WITHOUT LUGGAGE . The room had to be locked going in and out with a key , minor but a nuicance . There were no washcloths in the bathroom and none available . Closet space was minimal and there were no drawers . The furnishings and decor was quite basic . The internet connection was hit and miss , mostly miss . Ther was no full length mirror in the room . The windows all faced a small courtyard . None of these by themselves were big deals and our stay was comfortable and fine . However , for similar money in the same area , the Splendid Etoile is a far superior hotel .
Should be better . Stayed between Christmas and New Year , location of hotel was fantastic being just yards from the parks . Hotel was full and did not appear to have communal areas and restaurants designed to cope with the number of guests staying . The hotel seems torn between trying to be a run of the mill 4 / 5 star hotel and a true deluxe hotel . The furnishings are generally good although the bathrooms are not in keeping being utilitarian rather than luxury . The hotel communal areas are to small compared to the number of rooms , the bar area was always crowded with people standing around waiting for a seat to become available and staff who seemed to have no interest in clearing tables or providing service unless it was at their convenience . The lobby is similar . Although staff professed that they were always available to help service standards were only average for a hotel charging top end prices . Mistakes in service were a constant theme , problems were always sorted out but a high level of errors suggested a general lack of care and training . The staff generally fail to give the proactive service which is present in a top hotel . If you want the convenience of a hotel immediately adjacent to the parks this is the best available hotel but with average service . The absence of true deluxe hotel competition seems to have led Disney to accept average as sufficient .
Royal Magda did the job ! My husband and I stayed here on the last leg of our honeymoon in France . This hotel was excellent . The room was a little small but it had a balcony and it was nice to sit out there . The bed was extremely comfortable , it called us every afternoon to take a nap . The hotel was very clean and I loved the updated decor . The staff were the most polite and friendly staff we encountered during our whole 2 week trip . The location is very close to the Arch de Triomphe . There are also many metro stops close by . I preferred the first hotel we stayed at ( Hotel De Varenne ) only because the location was better and it was easier to walk to many attractions . We did not have breakfast because like many other hotels , it was a bit pricey and it 's better and cheaper to grab something on the street .
Great Location , Lot of Money For What You Get . Hotel
Very pleased . It is a little removed from downtown but a great little place with clean rooms , a subway at the end of the street , sights within walking distance and a nice comfortable bed . You need to go up Rue des Martyrs and look for a small pastry store on the right with an entrance diagonal to the street . The best mini - quiches ( hockey puck size ) you will ever eat . My wife and I actually took them with us each day for lunch and snacks . I think we had 10 each in 3 days . Look for the tomatoe and anchovie one . I would stay here again as I have no complaints at all .
Loved the hotel , great location . View from side window of bedroom
Good value , comfortable and clean , very nice staff , good location . Excellent rating not because hotel was fancy , but because staff was very nice and helpful , the hotel felt clean and safe , and it is a great location for visiting all of central Paris . We could walk to Louvre in 5 min , Opera 5 min , D ' Orssay in 15 min , Saint Germain 20 minutes , Everything was a 10 Euro or less Cab fare . Thank you , too Moon ( SP ? ) at the front desk who made our stay extra special . Thanks also to the front desk gentleman at night , who helped us arrange an extra nights stay when we were mistreated at another hotel . My girfreind and I have visited Paris several times and stayed in a number of hotels . This hotel is a good basic choice if you you just want a clean , safe place from which to visit the sites . If you want a fancy lobby and lounge it 's a 5 - 10 minute walk to the Ritz or the Westin . Be careful not to confuse this hotel with two others with a similair name .
A Good Option for the 7th . I stayed at the Le Walt in mid July this summer . The staff was very helpful and accomodated all of our requests . The hotel itself has small rooms like many in Paris . Sound carries in the small hallways . I was awoken by other guests who were loud and partying at 2:00 a.m not once but several times as the door to the stairs kept opening and closing . The breakfast is very good and the coffee is excellent . They used to have a restaurant for dinner but no longer . As for location , in the 7th it 's hard to beat . The Ecole Militaire Metro stop is right out of the front door . Ask for a courtyard room . Rooms on busy Le Motte Piquet may have late night street noise from the bar next door .
Great Hotel . This hotel was great . The location was right by the Arc de Truimph and a metro stop . Plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby . The rooms were nice . There was construction in the lobby , but did n't mind it too much . The airline lost our luggage and we did n't have any idea where it was . The staff spent the last two days tracking it down for us and calling the airport . They were extremely helpful in getting our luggage . Without them I would have probably given up - - kudos to them . would highly recommend this hotel .
Better avoid . My friend and I stayed at the Agora St . Germain in June and were quite disappointed . The woman who welcomed us was simply rude and unfriendly , although the rest of the staff was friendlier . Our room was small , with barely enough space to walk around the bed . Furniture was tasteless and not adequate ( no single drawer , the closet was very small , only one chair ) . The bedspread looked like it had n't been washed for a long while . The hotel has also larger and probably more comfortable rooms , more expensive than our standard double room ( still , I do n't feel that in a three - star hotel I should move up to the category superior , to get two proper chairs in a double room ) . The bathroom met the standards of a three - star hotel more than the rest . Still , it was very small ( never been in a french three - star bathroom that did n't have a bidet ) ; the door could n't be locked , showering would produce a flood on the floor , and we experienced at least twice a sudden shortage of warm water , while taking shower . It was clean , but one could n't call it spotless , as we could spot a variety of other guest ' fingerprints on the door handle and towel hangers , and they were still there after one week . The location is of course very good , as other TripAdvisor users pointed out , but there are many other hotels nearby , and if you make your reservation well in advance ( which we did n't do ) , you can have plenty of choice and definitely pick a better option .
Disappointed . We stayed at the Ares Eiffel after seeing all the enthusiastic reviews posted here . It seemed ideal for our purposes - a romantic and vaguely touristy getaway weekend . We returned feeling pretty disappointed . The staff were pleasant enough , and the location of the hotel is not bad - very close to the local Metro station and not too far from some of the more inviting areas , though there is little of interest in the immediate environs of the hotel . However , in other respects the hotel did not live up to expectations . The main problem was that it was noisy . Street noise was audible throughout the day and night , and the glazing seemed completely inadequate . So was the sound insulation between rooms . We were able to hear absolutely everything happening in adjacent rooms - including the actual words our neighbours were saying , rather than merely the fact they were talking . This was very disturbing . While we may have been unlucky with who we had staying on both sides of us , we could certainly have expected more in the way of soundproofing . It 's pretty embarrassing when you hear your neighbour using the bathroom . The decor was quite stylish , and the bathroom was well equipped . The room was microscopic , but comfortable enough , with a decent bed , climate control and a posh TV . The minibar from which you can take as much as you like for 5 Euro a day also seemed a good initiative . However , this was far from the restful and romantic spot we 'd been hoping for . I am mystified that , at the time of writing , this is the top - rated hotel in Paris .
Once was enough . We made our decision to stay here after seeing their website . Totally misleading . This hotel is a 3 star , not a 4 star . Hotel reception not very friendly . Some staff members were friendly , but it was n't their regular attitude . At 2 am , a group of drunk guests started singing along to Karaoke really loudly . We called the reception 3 times to complain . They kept saying ' We will see to it , sir ' every time , but nothing really happened . It really ruins the good vibe you picked up from touring beautiful places during the day . Shower room is incredibly tiny . They have fit in the modern features of jet shower , but not practical since there is no room to really move about . Not a very good location if you want to tour around the centre of Paris by metro . Our trip back to hotel after a romantic dinner or beautiful tour around Paris was n't pleasant . Metro full of drunk people . Probably because you have to use the metro right in the middle of red district . The hotel is right next to the cemetery as well . I was n't aware of this until we checked in . Next time , we will book a hotel in saint Germaine area .
not for business ! nice hotel , but do n't stay here unless you do n't care not to receive your faxes in time , or if telephones are transfered to the wrong room ( if you are the unlucky one to have the same family name as another guest . . . ) better stay at the Plaza Athenee or Meurice ! splendid service overthere !
Great Hotel , Great Location . Great place to stay , perfect location . Eiffel Tower only a 10 minute walk through the beutiful streets in Paris . Metro station only 3 minute walk , so you can go almost anywhere , and still be close to your hotel by metro . The area is extremely safe , and clean . Yes , there was a bit of construction , but nothing bothersome ( they were finished by the time we left ) . The room was small , but to be expected . . . but who stays in the room anyway ? You have all of Paris to explore ( bring good walking shoes ! ) . Also recommed the l ' open tour bus , takes you all around major tourist sites in Paris , get on and off as you like . They make stops frequently . Breafast was good , croissants , cereal , ham , cheese , coffee , juice . Great Hotel , would definetly stay here again .
Top Notch ! Well , maybe not the 4 Seasons , but if you do n't want to spend $ 700 - 1k per night , this hotel is great . My wife and I just got back from the second leg of our honeymoon in Paris . Our first leg was in Florence , and you can read my review of the Hotel Porta Faenza there . I 'll start by saying that I used Hilton HHonors points for a free 6 - night stay at the Hilton Arc de Triomphe . I am HHonors Gold and was upgraded to an executive room on arrival . The room was large for european rooms and was very comfortable . The bed was fantastic . The bathroom had a tub and shower stall , and marble floors . The Hilton provided 2 bottles of water daily , slippers , and bathrobes . Upon arrival , there was a box of chocolates waiting for us in the room . One word of caution - if you get them , eat them . We left half the box on the table and it was removed by housekeeping when they cleaned . I did n't bother complaining about this ( though we would have liked more ) . Anyway , the second night when we arrived back , we found a second welcome gift awaiting us . The hotel had a plate of desserts / snacks and a half - bottle of chilled champagne waiting for us . The best part of this hotel was the executive lounge . You need to have a room on the executive floor , or an exec room to get access . The lounge is open from 7:30am - 11pm , and serves food and drink all day long ( all for free ) . There is an ample breakfast served from 7:30 - 10:30am . There is a coffee machine that brews cafe , espresso , cappucino all - day long . The coffee was great ( even though it was machine - brewed ) . The lounge served free snacks all day long , including cheeses , some sort of beef stew , cookies , candy . There was free wine , champagne , liquor , bottled water , coke , etc . all day . One night we were too stuffed to go out and eat dinner . We ended several evenings with a few glasses of wine and chocolates in the lounge . The hotel is also in a good area . A very nice residential neighborhood . Not too far of a walk from the Arc or the Champes Ellysees . I debated between this hotel and the Hilton Paris by the Eiffel . We walked by the other and agreed this one is in a much nicer area in the city . We walked to the Eiffel twice . . . Not too far , but not too close . Unfortunately , the transit workers were on strike and so metro service was sporadic or packed while we were there . Also , they are renovating the metro stop closest to the Eiffel until next March , so walking is a nicer option . If you find yourself in Paris , there are plenty of nice hotels as I hear . I loved the service at the hilton arc . The staff was friendly , the location was nice . The hotel decor was great , and the hotel was newer and clean . The exec lounge helped a lot too . I think you can book an executive room , and the extra costs may be worthwhile if you consider the free breakfast , snacks , and booze .
Not exactly what I had in mind . I just returned from a wonderful trip to Paris . The fact that the hotel was not what I expected did n't impact the fun we had . I always use tripadvisor when booking a hotel room and I am usually pleased with the hotels I get . This however would be an exception . I do not know who is leaving reviews for this hotel but it is not what everyone is saying . There are much nicer hotels in Paris for less money . This hotel is in an excellent location but that is about all it has going . The hotel itself is average at best . There is torn wall paper all over the walls in the hallways , the rooms are large ( for Paris ) but there is nothing special about them . I would rather have a smaller room with nice linens and a comfortable bed . This hotel was a disappointment .
Super location . We spent two nights at the Hotel de Varenne . Our room overlooked the small courtyard and was very clean . The double bed was extremely comfortable . The shower was good and powerful with soaps and shampoo provided together with warm towels from the heated towel rail . A flat screen TV with satellite channels completed the facilities . Breakfast was the usual continental with freshly baked baguette , pastries and preserves , fruit juice and tea or coffeee . The down side is the dining room is quite small and can become crowded . The only reason we did not rate as ' excellent ' is because we waited 15 minutes sitting at an uncleared table before clearing it ourselves and getting the manager 's attention for some service . The previous day we had excellent service so maybe we were just unlucky on this occasion . This hotel is ideally situated for walking to the usual Paris sights , Eiffel Tower , Place de la Concorde , even ' les grands magasins ' . As this was our first visit to Paris we took advantage of L ' Open Tour , an open top bus tour . We opted for the two day ticket , giving four different tours , to orientate ourselves . Unfortunately , the weather was so cold that we spent the tours inside rather than on the open upper deck . This ticket was good value at 29 Euro as against 26 Euro for a one day pass . We also tried the ' Batobus ' a river boat cruise , again with the two day option . This was a very relaxed way to cruise the Seine , in a totally enclosed glass cruise boat . We travelled via Eurostar which was quick and comfortable . Buying a ' carnet ' of ten tickets for the Metro was a bit excessive as we only used four because walking and the bus tours were so convenient . We will certainly visit Paris again , and will probably use the same hotel , as the location is ideal .
overpriced . While the staff were very nice and room comfortable , the decor is a bit faded for this kind of price . The tiles where chipped around the bath and there were very few extras in the bathroom which you would expect like even a nail file . The minibar charged 4 euros for a small bottle of water or juice . While the location is great there are better prices to be had in paris . Try Le relais Gascon restaurant close by for good value food though .
Excellent location , modern hotel . We stayed at the Renaissance Paris Vendome for 2 nights , June 10 - 12 2007 . The hotel is in a perfect location , within easy walking distance to all the great shopping near the place vendome , Louvre , tour buses . We had a prestige , non - smoking room with a king bed . It was small - which I had expected from the previous reviews but was still surprised . We could barely walk around our bed . Also - the toilet was near the door entrance while the sink and shower were on the opposite side of the room - also a bit odd , but worked out okay , I picked the hotel b/c I like modern - and it was very clean and modern . Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and accomodating . Also had high speed internet access which was a must . The breakfast was included in our price ( 490 euro / night ) and was excellent - fresh breads , fresh cut fruits , cheese , meat and they cooked eggs to order . They had USA today and other newspapers delivered each day , the hotel was very quiet . Overall , an excellent hotel which I would stay at again .
Minor Grievances . My dream was to visit Paris . For my honeymoon , my husband and I decided to go to Paris for 5 nights and Greece for two weeks . I decided to start my search for a hotel through Trip advisory . Even though this hotel was only a 3 star hotel , we decided that the reviews were too great to pass it up . I definitely wanted a superior room with a view of the Eiffel Tower . My french is not the greatest so a asked a dear friend who is Parisian to call the hotel and find out how we can be guaranteed a room with a view from the bedroom . She called and we followed their instructions when booking our hotel . The reception assured us if we asked for a certain room in our booking , it would be given to us because we were booking 8 months in advance . Even after the hotel was booked , our friend called the hotel to confirm we received a room with a view . You can imagine our surprise when we did not receive this room . When we went down to the front desk their answer was that we must have misunderstood them when we booked and a room with a view is not guaranteed . I do n't understand how one Parisian can not understand another , there is no language barrier . Other than the view , the room was ok . and the area was great . Most of the staff was helpful , yet if you have a complaint , do not expect much , there is a complete attitude change . I would recommend this hotel if it is just a family visiting Paris , but if it is a romantic getaway I would try somewhere else .
OK Hotel , Booking it was a problem . I had booked a superior room online , which was immediately charged to my card . A few days later I had to call them to change the dates , due to unavoidable charter flight changes . I understood that if I were to cancel , I would lose the money , however I explained that I did n't want to cancel my reservation , I simply wanted to change the dates . At first they refused , and said they 'd keep 100 % of the money , and I 'd be forced to pay for other nights , or go somewhere else . After much arguing , I was able to change the dates , and they allowed us by exception to stay in a standard room , but at the SUPERIOR rate . During the process , they basically accused me of making my story up , citing that people have made up stories of their pets dieing , etc . in order to cancel reservations . Again , I did n't want to cancel , just change dates . Once there , the hotel was fine , our room was tiny ( to be expected , but that 's why I had originally booked a superior ) . . . however I 'm surprised ( or perhaps not ) by the arrogance and entitlement of the people I had to deal with in order to make changes to our reservation . If my card had n't already been charged , there 's no way I would have given them my business .
Fantastic position and well priced hotel . View from our room - # 428
Standard doubles are tiny , dark , and nosy . Pleasant staff , pleasant public rooms , pleasant breakfast BUT if you stay here do not stay in a standard double room - - either stay in a superior room or suite or go to another hotel . The standard doubles are small ( like a NYC maid 's room ) , the double bed JUST fits , our room looked out on a small dark courtyard . The room was stuffy but the courtyard was noisy as it looked out on the kitchen and office . To upgrade was about $ 140 / night . So , my recommendation is stay someplace else unless you can afford a higher level room . There is NOTHING more depressing on a vacation than having a tiny , dark , noisy room which is not that cheap .
Quiet and well positioned . A well positioned hotel near to the Maubert Metro stop and only a short distance from the centre of town . Like many hotels in Paris the rooms are on the small side but perfectly adequate . The whole hotel was scrupulously clean and the beds very comfortable . An excellent night 's sleep could be had since the hotel is located on a very quiet side - street . Breakfast at 11 euros was a good buy with plenty of drinks available and an adequate range of cold items , although you could have items cooked for an additional cost . We stayed for four nights and have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anybody .
Very nice hotel . I 'm going to give the Plaza Paris Vendome 5 stars . If there were 4 . 5 stars I 'd actually give that because of just a few hesitations below . There is a great staff ( concierges Daniel and Emmanuelle were very helpful ) , very clean and modern redone rooms , the pool and steam room are fun and different for Paris and the location near the Louvre is great but there are a just a few points that might keep it from 5 star status . The rooms are beautiful but tight even for Europe . It does n't have the grand look of the 5 star hotels and it 's on a tiny back street behind the Meurice ( some people may like the back street for the quiet ) If you 're looking for ( expensive ) Paris 5 star then try the Meurice , Crillon or George V but we were very comfortable and well taken care of . ( Do go to The Meurice for breakfast 1 / 2 a block away - like having breakfast at Versailles ) . The restaurant at the hotel is fantastic and even if we do n't stay there next time we 'll make a special trip for dinner to Pinxo in the hotel ( have the fruit with coconut milk and mint for dessert )
Honeymoon in Paris . We have just spent 5 nights in Paris on our honeymoon in The Terrass Hotel in Paris . We would highly recommend this hotel and suggest if going there on a special occasion worth upgrading to a superior room . The staff and service was first class and the location of the hotel is just perfect . Elaine Barrie Alexander , Scotland
Somewhat Mixed Feelings . We just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel de Varenne . We stayed there based on reviews on Trip Advisor . We found the hotel to be nice for a three star hotel . The location is a bit off the beaten path , but we knew that from other reviewers . We found it odd that they allocated just one tiny box of tissues with four tissues inside , for two people for a three day stay ? ? ? ? Some of the staff were very nice , some icily helpful . The hotel was clean , but not spotless . There is no help with bags and the elevator is very tiny , which makes it difficult to transport your own luggage if you have more than a bag per person . We have stayed in many hotels in Paris and overall this is not a bad choice . We did n't leave the hotel with a great feeling , but we would n't tell other people not to stay there .
Friendly , But . . . My family stayed in Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne for 4 nights in early August . I was very disappointed by what I found . Pros : - friendly staff - quiet Cons : - rooms are vert old and dark - rooms are tiny , even with European hotel standards - our room had dirty sheets upon arrival - location is not as close to the Louvre as I thought - you 'd have to walk quite a bit , and not close to any other major attractions . It might be a good value for the low price you pay , but if vacationing in Paris is a once - in - a - life - time experience for you , this hotel will not cut it for you . It did n't feel like a hotel that I wanted to return to after a day of enjoying beautiful museums and sceneries . I 'd definitely look for a better hotel next time , even if it means spending a lot more money .
Displeased with staff . This hotel has been so well - regarded over the years that I found it very disappointing that the staff ignored my emails . I made a reservation months in advance and had to cancel it due to my traveling companion 's change in travel plans . I sent the hotel one email on Sept . 3rd explaining the situation and that I would like a cancellation confirmation . Usually someone replies to emails within 24 to 48 hours . Two days passed and I received no reply . I then sent numerous emails during the week of Sept . 6th from my various email addresses both at home and at work . The emails I sent at work gave me notification that someone at the hotel read them . Yet I never got any acknowledgement from the hotel during this time . Finally I decided that I will fax the hotel and inform them that I will not be responsible if they charge my credit card the first night 's deposit ( as a no - show ) as I have tried many times to get a cancellation from them . If that did n't work I was going to call them . Amazingly the hotel sent on Sept . 10th emails to all of my email addresses claiming they had emailed me several times during the week with my cancellation confirmation . In their email there was a cancellation confirmation ( it was not an attachment ) dated Sept . 4th . I do n't believe the hotel ever sent me any cancellation confirmation emails during the week as they claim . For one thing it 's peculiar that I received their emails dated Sept . 10th and nothing else before that so I know it 's not that my server rejected their emails . Also no one at the hotel bothered to acknowledge that they read the emails I sent from my work address . In short , I am sure many people will disagree with me as the hotel has a good reputation , but I find the staff did not act professionally in my situation .
Worst European hotel experience we 've ever had ! My husband and I just returned from a 7 night stay at the Hotel Langlois . We have relied on TripAdvisor for choosing many of the hotels we have stay in in Europe and we 've always been satisfied . But the Hotel Langlois was definitely an exception . We made reservations for a superior double with a large bathroom , but when we arrived , we were given a very small room with a tiny bathroom and angled ceiling on the 6th floor . The mattress was visibly and significantly caved in the middle . We were shocked to say the least . We explained that this is not what was represented and asked if they had any rooms like those pictured on their website . Fortunately , they had two others and let us look at both of them . Both were on the 1st floor and were spacious and attractive like those pictured . But one of them again had a mattress that was visibly caved in the middle and was on the street side , with very loud traffic noise even through the closed windows . We chose the other , mostly because it looked like it had an okay mattress ( though very worn ) and was quieter . We were content with our choice : two big dressers to put our clothes in , a large bathroom , attractive , and typically Parisian . Unfortunately , we discovered that even though this bed was n't visibly caved , it was in reality caved , lumpy , and extremely uncomfortable . As another reviewer wrote , it also got unbearably hot with the heaters and we were forced to keep the windows open which caused the radiators to crackle and pop very loudly all night long . Being on the first floor , we could also feel the room rattle every time the metro train went by , which was quite frequently . By the next morning , we were exhausted , having slept very little . Then when it came time for showers , there was almost no water coming out of the shower head , not even enough to get the shampoo out ( my husband worked on it for a while and it got better but was still quite bad ) - so forced to take baths and wash hair under the running faucet . This continued for the first four nights of our visit . We had scheduled a trip to London in the middle of our Paris trip ( thank God ! ! ) and by the time it came to leave , we could n't have been happier to check out . Fortunately the hotel we stayed in in London was very nice ( and cheaper ) with excellent beds , and we were finally able to get some sleep . Upon our return , we were given a room on the 6th floor with a completely disfigured mattress - significant mountains and valleys all over . I 've honestly never seen anything like it . The room was also small with a bathroom so small that only one of us could stand in it at a time ( and this was a superior double ! ) . They had no other room to give us , it was late Christmas Eve , and since we had n't researched anywhere else to stay , we agreed to stay . We flipped the mattress which made it somewhat better . We slept awful again with the same heat and mattress problems , but this time in addition we had extremely loud plumbing noises that sounded like a waterfall coming into our bathroom every time someone flushed the toilet . By the next morning we figured out what was going on - there literally was a waterfall coming into our bathroom . Some of the pipes were broken and every time someone flushed the toilet their raw sewage was pouring onto our bathroom floor . At this point , I felt pretty resigned to dealing with it and just getting through the next three days , but my husband was so horrified ( Thank God ) that he demanded another room . The entire time we were there , the staff was overwhelmingly UNhelpful , but this time there was a different person at the desk that my husband spoke to . She was very sympathetic and offered to give us a suite for the price of a superior double . We moved into the suite on the 3rd floor - again another mattress with visible caving in the middle . The bathroom had an awful smell of urine , the TV was broken , the room was overheated , and filled up with exhaust fumes in the morning when the windows were open . By our last night , at about 3:00 am , my husband pulled out one of the chairs that turns into a twin bed and exclaimed , " Oh my God , it 's actually comfortable ! " A word about the staff : with the exception of one person ( a young woman who spoke excellent English and was very kind ) , the staff was pretty much completely unwilling to help . A month before our stay I contacted the hotel and asked them if they would be able to help with recommendations for Christmas dinner since from what I could tell most restaurants would be closed that day . The woman I spoke to told me it was too early to ask and told me to contact them two weeks before Christmas . So I emailed them two weeks before and was told that they would provide that information when we arrived . When we arrived , my husband asked the older woman ( not the young helpful one ) at the desk and she said she did n't have any recommendations to give us . Then when we asked again upon our return on Christmas Eve , the man at the desk said he had nothing to recommend . I explained that we really needed help with this and that they agreed to help . I asked him if he would be willing to do some research and find out what was open . The man had the gall to tell me to go research it on my own on their computer ! I told him that I had already spent several hours on the internet trying to find something but was not successful because I did n't speak the language , and did n't know the city and what resources to look at . He said , " Well whatever I find you could just find yourself " . I said to him very assertively , " No , it 's appropriate for you to do this . It 's part of your job . When we return from dinner , I expect you to have this information " Very quickly , he had a restaurant and made reservations for us . Why was it necessary for us to go through that ? I also emailed the hotel prior to our stay asking for help with getting Louvre tickets . I said that I had heard that you can avoid the long lines by purchasing the tickets in advance , and asked if they had tickets themselves ( a common service of most concierges ) or had a way of getting them . I received a very terse and rude reply , " No , it is not possible for us to go and stand in line for you to get your tickets for you " , and then she wrote the word Louvre in all caps because I had misspelled it . When I received this reply , and being upset enough to want to cancel my reservation , I decided it must have been due to a language barrier and gave them the benefit of the doubt , but having experienced the lack of hospitality there , I now know that it wasn ' t . My husband and I have stayed in many hotels throughout Europe and South America at comparable or cheaper prices , and I can honestly say that this is the worst hotel experience we have ever had . Some of the rooms are spacious and attractive and it is in a very convenient location , but unless they buy new mattresses and undergo some significant renovations ( heaters , plumbing , etc ) and hire new staff that is actually interested in helping , I can not possibly recommend this hotel . Having gone through the experience , although I never would have imagined saying it , I would recommend staying at a cookie - cutter , boring Ibis for a comparable or cheaper rate . At least there you 'll get some sleep .
Very disappointing , so many better choices in Paris . After having read the reviews here , we were looking forward to a great experience at this hotel , but what a joke . While one reviewer wrote the rooms are small , but this is Paris , , after having stayed in more than a dozen other hotels in Paris , many less than half of the price of this one , I can honestly say this was the tiniest hotel room I ever had . At these prices , there is simply no excuse . Yes , the location is terrific - - and that 's important because you certainly ca n't stay in your room . There is also no place to unpack ( no drawers , horrible use of space ) , and not even enough room to keep your suitcase on a rack . Second day there we awoke to no electricity in our room . We finally got reception to pick up the phone , and were told they 'd get back to us . A half an hour later someone showed up , said they had n't realized whole block of rooms were without power ( and air circulation ) but they were getting it back on . There was never the slightest apology about this . The concierge is a waste - - the only bad meal we had in Paris was his recommendation , and the breakfast in the hotel , at 29 Euros , is insane - - and not much too it . There are numerous cafes in the area , while also pricey , offer a decent petit dejeuner for around 10 Euros instead . We used Marriott points so should n't complain this much , but friends stayed there as well and they were really ripped off . Believe me , we stayed at a hotel for half the price on the Left Bank , had a sense of true Paris , great , large room , with a view , impeccable service - - and the room rate was less than half of this . Do n't settle for an inferior experience - - if you are only comfortable in chain hotels , Westin around the corner and the Hilton on the left bank ( where rooms are also twice the size ) are far superior choices . A horrible experience . . .
Nice hotel , shame about the staff . Stayed in a junior suite for a romantic weekend away to propose to my girfriend . The suite was quite modern and a nice size . Bathroom was ok , although one of the taps was broken . The room was the best thing about the hotel . . . . it was nice . Breakfast was overpriced , 20 euros for Croissants and eggs . I was disappointed with it I must admit . Service at the hotel was fairly awful . The two things that spring to mind were : 1) Booked at the front desk for dinner . Arrived in the restaurant for dinner and no booking at been made . 2 ) We had been advised by email that we could have a late check out at 3pm . Arrived back at the hotel at 2 . 30pm to find we had been locked out of the room . the reception staff had the most awful attitude , and I had to go upstairs to prove to get the piece of paper that showed we had been granted a late checkout . i can live with the fact that they made a mistake , however what was worse wasa ) I knew there was a problem as I queue to complain about being locked out the room , i could could hear the staff talking about me ( and it was clear they were moaning ! ) b ) I never got an apology for the mistake they made . Overall , this spoilt what would have been a nice hotel . I would not stay here again , not just because of the service ( as I 'm sure 99 out of 100 times you 'd be ok ) , but because of the disappointing breakfast , and the lack of professionalism of the reception staff .
dont believe the hype . Stayed for one week at the hotel , didnt like it on bit . You can not sleep at night from all the noise . . We asked the to fix our safe , they kept promising us , but did n't . Our tv set did n't have any channels did n't fix that either . The breakfast is expensive for what you get . The rooms are not that clean . Went to this hotel due to te reviews big mistake . Loved paris Most beautiful city in the world . Will return to the city not to the hotel .
loved the atmosphere and breakfast room . This was truly a lovely hotel to stay in . The staff were all friendly and very helpful . The location was excellent . The atmosphere is great and the decor is beautiful .
4 star status unjustified - very overpriced , tired and dated . We were very disappointed with our room which was vastly overpriced at 270 Euros . It was clean , but tiny , dark , tired and looked onto a very unappealing courtyard . Whilst the range of foods available for break fast was good , it was served in a very cramped , claustrophobic room with no windows . Priced at 22 Euros breakfast was , again , hugely overpriced . Whilst the hotel is undoubtedly well sited for exploring key sites and the staff were reasonably friendly , we failed to see how the 4 star hotel rating is justified and would put this hotel as no more than two star standard .
Not as nice . The hotel is nice but not wonderful . I was very disappointed compared to the price paid .
Best Vacation Ever ! ! ! ! My fiance and I were in Europe for a conference and decided to stay in Paris for a week of vacation following the conference . We had accumulated Hilton honors points and the hilton representative recommended we use our points here . SHE WAS RIGHT ! ! ! ! I wish I could thank her ! The Hilton Arc de Triomphe is fabulous . I came in early , 7 am . Check in was not until later in the afternoon . They immediately took my bags and let me into their lounge which had a full breakfast buffet , magazines , and television . They told me to make myself comfortable and gave me a key card for a restroom down the hall should I need it . I was given my room in two hours . They were extraordinarily nice . The room was impeccably clean . We stayed for 7 days . They gave us access to the lounge , which included free breakfast , snacks and cocktails . We also had access to the gym . The spa was also included , it has a really great jacuzzi tub . The room was cleaned several times a day . The bathtub was sparkling ! We got bathrobes and slippers to use while in the hotel . All of these amenities are included in the price . The bed was amazingly comfortable . The hotel is located in a very clean and safe area . Not to mention , very quiet . It is also very close to the metro and several shops and restaurants are within a 10 minute walk . The attention to detail and customer service at this hotel is SO WORTH IT ! ! ! ! ! For a romantic parisian getaway . . . this is the place to be !
Great hotel , costly , but worth it . Perfect location , beautiful hotel , but it should be for the price you pay . Right at the gates to the park which is the number one benefit , so when the kids get tired you can just pop back for a rest . Lovely room . Chocolate coins placed on beds at night , kids loved that . The only downside was breakfast which was served from 7 . 30am and by 8 . 30 you have to wait for a table . Breakfast is a buffet with possibly the worst sausages i have ever tasted , cereal choice for kids not great , bacon greasy , bread toaster did n't appear to work after me trying twice and having three members of staff at the machine look at it and bread still came out not toasted which they thought was fine . The best thing about breakfast was the fact we took apples and banana 's away with us . For france having the best chefs in the world , i have never tasted such poor food and my god you had better stock up on juice and water before you return to hotel because the they must bring in the salt to the parks on trucks . Kids tv chanels all in french , no tea and coffee facilities in room . But i still think fab holiday , magical , just shame about the food .
Hotel not great but okay . View from the balcony
Nice hotel and great location . My boyfriend and I went to Paris for my birthday weekend and really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel des Grands Hommes . It 's in a great location with beautiful views of the Pantheon and less than 10mins walk from the Notre Dame . ( Its also very easy to get to if you are travelling from London by Eurostar ) . The hotels decor is very unique keeping in style with its location . Our room was very clean and extremely quiet at night . We found the staff friendly and they also spoke excellent English . There are plenty of bars / cafes / restaurants in the locality . For a really nice meal reasonably priced there is a lovely French restaurant closeby called Le Vin Qui Danse . We booked through the Hotels own website which worked out cheaper than some of the general websites as they offer some good direct online reductions . Overall we had a fantastic time in Paris and would definetly recommend this hotel !
the hotel that proves . that flattery will get you anywhere looking at all those rave reviews and at the fact that this is tripadvisor 's # 1 hotel in all of europe , i know my review is not going to be one of the most popular . nevertheless , i felt the need to express my true feeling about this property . Dont get me wrong . i LOVE luxery hotels and god knows i am willing to pay for luxery . having said that , 4S GEORGE V trully delivers , but somehow , belive it or not , i cheked out a bit depressed . now why would someone that just stayed in the most beautiful property , given the most exellent service and slept in the most beautiful room on a fantastic bed have mixed feelings about anything in this world ? well , to have feelings is a human thing , and this is the one thing this 4S lacks of : humaneness . this is NOT a class act . This is more like a well designed and extreemly well orchestrated ripp off . they know that what you really want , what you secretly dream of is to be treated like royalty so they give it to you , but they do it in a very cynical way . they do not give service - they kiss your [ - - ] . they do it in a flattering way which so many reviewers bought into so easily . they make you forget you are paying 780 EUR per night for their least expensive room and they smile and sweet talk you all the way to spending 150 EUR ( ! ) for a regular 50 min aromatherapy massage . i have payed similar anounts of money at properties like london 's sanderson and dorchester hotels , Rome 's hotel de russi , paris ' own ritz and plaza athenee and never felt the cynicism . the hotel GEORGE V in paris is the complete setting for wan na - bes to feel special . i will prefer a deluxe room in the full - of - its - - self HOTEL COSTES then stay here again . the COSTES has atitude , but is authentic paris , not a put on a face like GEORGE V . its like disneyland for grown - ups , letting the ordenery people to live a dream once in a lifetime . problem is , the more experienced travellers will feel that micky mouse is laughing at them under his mask .
Au revoir et  bientt . The location of this hotel is just perfect for everything . Eiffel tower and river Seine are in few minutes of walk . Hotel rooms are small , as they usually are in Paris , but very clean and nice . Spotless , I would say . Thank you for cleaning it up every day . Very nice decor . Nice little Patisseries and Boulangeries around the hotel to have breakfast or coffee break . We highly recommend this hotel for its location , exellent service and recently renovated rooms . We had wonderful holiday with my husband , and will come back in Paris and to this carming little hotel . We will not want to stay anywere else when coming back . Great value for the money . Merci . Nina and Kimmo , Finland
You could do better , you could do worse . . . I feel a bit guilty about the review I have to give as the stay was a freebie after entering a competition on the UK Conde Nast Traveller website last December . The reception desk was great and very helpful and we were allowed to check into our room very early . This was a bonus as we did want a nap before going out . We were upgraded to a King deluxe suite which consisted on two bathrooms ( only one with a bath ) , living room and a separate bedroom . The dcor of the suite and hotel is nice . Besides reception , service was virtually none existent . We called three times to have the plasma TV in our bedroom repaired as there was no reception . When the technician did show up he said very little except the TV was broken which we already knew . He offered us nothing and then my husband asked if the regular TV set in the living room could be moved to the bedroom . He swapped the TVs and we suspect whoever stays in the room next ( room 424 ) will have to make a few calls if they wish to watch TV in the lounge area . The hallway leading to our room was constantly littered and quite a few stains on the carpets . When we arrived there were dirty drinking glasses in front of our door and when we left ( two days later ) the same glass was there . Kid you not . It was n't like they were concealed . Room service was appalling and way overpriced even by Paris standards . We ordered a cheese plate that came with two small pieces of cheese ( mold and all ) and a small bistro salad , a croque monsieur that was cold and bottle of Evian for 50 euros . Had the food been good food , no problem , but it was n't so we ca n't give room service a good review . We also had access to the Executive Lounge . The food offerings were slim . It was okay for a drink before going out , but the EL was not worth the upgrade price . Again the service was non - existent and the lounge is pretty much self service . We have stayed in many hotels in Paris and this is not one we would rush back to . There are too many choices in Paris at the same rate level to choose from .
Perfect for Left Bank . View from Room 32
This hotel is a great choice for singles , couples or families . This hotel is in a great location in the centre of the Latin Quarter . It is very safe , quaint , clean and has very pleasant and most helpful staff ! I did not book in advance but just happened to be walking by when I decided to take a look at the rooms which were lovely ( but small as most are in Paris ) and decided to stay . The next time I return to Paris I would definitely return to this small hotel .
good hotel but not mutch good if they give your room to someone else . We arrived in france and found our hotel without too mutch difficulty . On arrival at reception were told that our room had been let to a group staying at the hotell that wanted to stay in the one hotell together . We told the receptionist that that was n't good enough as we had recieved confirmation by email . We were told that there was a mix up with the bookings and she recomended us to take a room at the Modial Hotel a few doors away , the room was small and badly in need of modernisation and depressing to say the least , we were then moved to a larger room after our protests we stayed two days and then at last were roomed in the France Albion for the last two days of our stay in Paris .
Overpriced - Indifferent - Questionable 4 star rating . We stayed here for three nights , having booked through a well - known German tour operator . I sent a confirmation email to the hotel three days prior to our arrival , which went unanswered . This turned out to be indicative of our Hotel Terrass experience . I rang the night before our departure from Germany and was informed that a room with a bath would be no problem . When we arrived , we were checked in with a minimum of attention . The room we were given did not have a bath , and having requested a room with a view , I was a little diappointed to have the room look over a back yard . We moved rooms . This room had no bedside table , a TINY wardrobe , no lock on either the room door or the bathroom door and was VERY small , even by Parisian standards for the daily charge in excess of 250 EUR . The room ( 506 - to be avoided ) was extremely warm - I think a boiler was located behind one of the partition walls between us and the adjoining room . Air conditioning filled the room with a dank and musty smell . The bath was also very small , with one end located under the sink unit . The TV remote did not work and the view bill on tv function , which the hotel curiously advertises as one of the room 's features did not work . Breakfast was standard and overpriced . Complaints to staff fell on deaf and indifferent ears . In fact , indifference sums up the staff 's attitude rather well . Having read all the positive reviews , we were looking forward to staying here but by the end of our trip , I felt well and truly cheated . Last year , we spent 99 EUR a night , stayed in the St . Germain area and enjoyed our stay greatly in a bigger room , more central location and a hotel staffed by friendly and helpful Parisians . How this hotel boasts four stars is truly beyond me . I would advise against staying here unless you are opting for a suite and have minimal service expectations .
Was n't my cup of tea . The decor was cool , the pictures just like on the website , but overall it was my least favorite hotel of the five we stayed in Europe . It was too small , perhaps , because I felt somewhat isolated , there was almost never anyone else in the small public spaces . Some of the front desk people had some trouble understanding us , and us them and I felt a resentful attitude asking for things like ice or extra towels . I suppose the last straw was the morning we left , with a cab waiting to take us to the train station at 7 a . m . , we were asked to pay our laundry bill in cash , that it could not be put on our credit card and to my horror ( and own fault for not better checking prices ) the $ 274 euros for about 20 items , mostly baby clothes . It left a bad taste in my mouth when my husband and the desk people argued about why we could n't put it on a credit card . They wanted us to go to an ATM but we did n't have time . It 's a cute hotel , but I would n't stay again .
Nice cosy little hotel in busy Paris . Usually I always go to the same hotel in Paris , but decided after reading the review from fellow TAs to try this one out . It 's actually a nice and cosy hotel , in a cool neighborhood ( Invalides ) . It 's very clean , the rooms are very nice but small ( OK . who spends time in his room when in Paris ? ) For a 3 star hotel , the price / quality ration is very good ( hidden gem ? Maybe ) . Why not a rating of 5 then ? Mainly because the breakfast is n't that special ( this is a standard breakfast in Paris , you can also get it in any bistro or caf ) , and also because I hate being waken up early by workers on the floor above . . .
You Can Do Better in Paris . We stayed here 5 nights in mid December and we were going to return for 4 nights around New Years , but canceled our reservation and booked elsewhere . There were 3 major problems : the noise , the neighborhood , and - - most importantly - - the poor value based on what you can find elsewhere . As for the noise , the sewage pipes and the radiator pipes are not insulated , so you hear every time someone in a nearby room flushes the toilet or showers . But the radiator pipes were the worst . Every night from 10pm to about 2am the pipes from the radiator clanged so loud it was impossible to sleep ( even for a heavy sleeper ) , then the heat would be reduced and the room was chilled during the day . We asked to change rooms , but were told that it was an old system and that other guests had the same complaints and that there was nothing to be done . Do n't expect to go to sleep any time prior to 2am because the radiator pipes will keep you awake . Furthermore , the hotel is not in a nice or convenient neighborhood . It 's in a busy commercial district . You 'll take the metro more than you need to and walk on ugly streets to get where you need to be . It 's not the impression you want of Paris . Regarding the value , the Langlois is charging 110 euro for a standard double plus 9 euro for breakfast . So for 2 people , you 're paying 128 euro because despite what other guests say , the breakfast is the best deal you 'll find . You 'll pay 9 - 12 , 50 euro plus tip for a similar breakfast on the street unless you get a pastry and coffee , which is neither healthy nor adequate for a morning of sightseeing . The 9 euro for a breakfast that includes yoghurt , cheese , and other sources of protein is reasonable . So 128 euro for a noisy , shabby room ( We had one of the rooms pictured on the web . It 's not so nice in person : terrible mattress , musty smell , and rickety furniture . ) , a poor location , and a not very helpful staff . Whereas we moved to the Hotel D ' Angleterre , on Rue de Jacob in the St . Germain area and for 145 euro ( which included breakfast ) we had a charming room with a garden / courtyard view . Easy walking distance to all the major sights ( NOT METRO - - the fares add up , by the way ) , a charming neighborhood that was a pleasure to stroll through , easy access to all sorts of cafes and bistros , a wonderfully helpful staff , a beautifully appointed lounge and breakfast room with lovely china ( extensive buffet breakfast ) , and most importantly , a quiet peaceful place to sleep . Had we not moved hotels , we would have left Paris with a bad impression based on being tired and having to negotiate the horrible streets around the Langlois . It is a budget hotel charging mid - range hotel prices and at these prices , you can find accommodation that is much better and will make your stay in Paris much nicer .
Never again . We had booked our room in August , specifying we wanted a superior room as high up as possible . The hotel replied they would do their best to grant our wish . On arrival we were offered a room on the ground floor some distance from the reception desk and next to a lavatory , with a french window going out unto a narrow inside court . The room was dark even in mid - afternoon . When we complained it was pointed out to us with silky smoothness that they had only promised us a room . As rooms were allocated on a daily basis and this was the only one available of that category they were entirely justified and we were utterly wrong in complaining . As an alternative we were offered a standard ( i . e . small ) room and a suite at a 10 per cent discount . We left next morning .
Loved the Langlois . We booked the Langlois after reading many positive reviews in Trip Advisor , and were not disappointed . We were given room 31 , which we were quite happy with , especially with the artwork and the ceramic cat on the fireplace . The bathroom was the size of a small bedroom ! Our stay did not include breakfast , so we walked down a few stores to the left to the Artisan Boulangerie and had an almond croisant for breakfast , which was a meal in itself . Many of our wonderful lunches came from that Boulangerie , but we were disappointed to find them closed on the weekend . We had 2 good , reasonably priced meals at Chartier , a 5 minute walk from the hotel , and 2 wonderful meals at Bistro de deux theatres at 18 rue Blanche , a 2 minute walk . All the hotel personnel were nice , especially since we tried to speak French as much as we felt comfortable doing . The Trinite metro station at the end of the block was a quick way to start our local travel . But walking around is the best way to get a feel for the charm of Paris . When we return , we definitely will choose the Hotel Langlois as our base .
Pretty good if you are a heavy sleeper . As my favorite hotel was fully booked , I tried the Relais Bosquet as it was located to where I needed to be albeit a bit more expensive . The rooms are small but adequate . Skip the 15 euro breakfast and walk out of the hotel , turn left , walk 15 steps and you are at a wonderful bakery ! Walk to Rue Cler for coffee at any number of cafe ' s . The rooms are very clean , and the bathrooms are updated . The free Wi-Fi works great . . I never turned on the tv . The shutters do a great job of keeping out the light . My work in Paris kept me out until usually midnight , so I wanted to sleep in until at least 9 a . m . This is where the hotel loses points . The doors are very heavy and start slamming at around 7:00 a . m . They are very loud and woke me up each morning . My other complaint is that the night desk people are uninpsired to help customers . They are there because they have to be . Not even a good evening when I came in at night . On the other hand , Christian and Frederica were very helpful . I would suggest another hotel if you want to sleep past 7:00 . If you want to get up early , and hit the sites , the hotel is adequate .
A Nice Touist - Class Hotel . Stayed here based on reviews on the site . My goal was to stay at a nice place at less than 200 euros a night . My single was 155 euros , I think my aunt and uncle paid 185 euros for their double . Location : I loved Rue Cler . Come out of the hotel and go right . There 's a grocery store right there . Then , at the corner - - cafe on each side - - there 's a great pedestrian foodie street . Bakeries , fruit stalls , really great looking Italian butcher , and more . Some great photo opps and just a peaceful place to hang given the lack of traffic . I did not use the Metro this time , so I ca n't comment on proximity to Metro stations . It 's about a 10 - 15 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower . And 10 to 15 mins to the Seine . Rooms : They are neat and tidy . Nothing fantastic . They have Air Conditioning . Also , if you bring your laptop , they 'll give you a code for free wireless . There are also two PCs in the lobby , which I thought was a nice touch . One thing I liked about the rooms is that they 'd given some thought as to how to prevent wear and tear on the walls . . . for example , on the floor behind the nightstands , there were wooden blocks to prevent the furniture from hitting the wall and leaving marks all the time . Breakfast was not included in my rate and was 15 euros . As per previous , there are lots of cafes in the area , so you can do cheaper somewhere else . ( But as my uncle pointed out , you have to wait for someone to serve you somewhere else . The buffet might be nice if you 're in a hurry . ) All in all , I could n't fault the Relais Bosquet . It 's a nice place . If you 're looking for something trendy or really modern and brand new , this is n't the place for you . ( Try the Duret , which I 've stayed in previously and although it 's not super - central , I like the modern feel of the rooms . ) But if you 're looking for some place clean and tidy and friendly , the Relais Bosquet is a very solid choice .
Newport Bay Club at Disneyland Paris is Awful ! Attended a conference at Disneyland Paris and was booked into the Newport Bay Club ( one of 5 Disney hotels on site ) . This hotel was not up to par with the Disney standards in the USA . Hotel is 40 mins from the outskirts of Paris by train . Disney built out in the middle of nowhere so you are a captive when there . All hotels had two restaurants ; one a buffet ( all meals ) and one a sit down meal ( except for buffet breakfast ) . Each meal was extremely expensive - moderate dinner was $ 100 - 150 USD for 2 adults , with only one glass of wine each . Breakfast buffet was $ 30 USD for adults . The rooms were ok , spacious for Paris / France standards but were threadbare looking . A nautical look but the bedspread was dirty , asked for another but for 5 days it never appeared . Had a small balcony attached but looked upon the back of the hotel and it was covered with mold and peeling paint , did n't use it . Chairs in rooms were paint chipped badly , one small table had cigararette burns in it although it is supposed to be a non smoking facility ! Rug was okay but needed better vacuuming . Bathroom was dirty when we arrived put down the bath matt and lots of dark hair swooped up around it - we 're blondes ! Back of the bathroom door was black with many fingerprints on it . Even with the Do Not Disturb sign on door the staff came in and did the room up even when we specifically asked the peole cleaning and the hotel management to respect our sign . Management was basically nodding yes to any questions or comments but nothing was ever fixed or changed while there . Got totally wrong directions and information regarding the hotel and surrounding area from front desk people . They think it is better to answer the question wrong then not to answer it at all . About 500 people at this conference remarked about how poorly the hotel was run and were frustrated by the management . Trash barrels surrounding the hotel stayed overflowing for days . The outdoor pool was being renovated , we had 90 degree days , massage was not able to be arranged on less than four hours notice , even then it was not available as they outsource this service . General area needed paint , cleaning and sweeping . The tram to take you to the Disney Village with shops and restaurants was $ 5 or you could walk . I am handicapped and a long walk can be difficult , $ 5 everytime you wanted to go to another location was terrible . Buses ran from the front of the hotel on a uneven every half hour schedule . Could n't depend on timing at all . Free , but usually large crowds meant waiting for more than one bus sometimes three . A real time waster ! Rooms had mini bar that charged if you moved anything - could not store anything in it . I asked for a hot pot $ 8 USD but I kept it for 3 days to make tea so I could take medication as needed . I do not recommend this hotel . It is not worth the money or the frustration approx . $ 300USD per night . I would not go there unless it is a conference that pays for the hotel and the meals . Our meals and transportation was on us and it was very expensive . Not an easy commute to Paris . Bus to train station often takes a lot of tiime 1 / 2 to 1 hour generally , train to central Paris is about 50 - 60 mins . A 3 to 4 hour commute in and back to Paris can seriously take too much time away from your day . Ca n't go in at night after the conference as train service stops before you can get back . Should stay in Paris and commute to conference if you have to go there . Bottom line DONT GO !
Customer Friendly . We had a lovely stay at the Hotel . Staff were helpful but unobtrusive . The Hotel is very plesant , rooms are a good size and very well kept . The summer offers were excellent value and being able to have breakfast in the Courtyard was a real bonus . Ideal location for all the major sites . We will return and have recommended the Hotel to all our friends
Wonderful Luxury . My high expectations were surpassed in our 3 - night stay . The hotel 's rooms and amenities were all top - notch , as they should be . The spa and pool were especially nice and blissfully uncrowded . But it was the level of service , professionalism , and even friendliness was even better than expected . Our family of 3 was treated royally , even though we 're not royalty . The Georges V deserves its reputation as one of the world 's best hotels .
Absoulutely Fantastic . Something I have never done is write a review on a hotel before . After our extremely postive stay this place deserves full marks and is possibly the best city hotel , my wife and i have stayed in , in Europe . Superb amenities , location , service . The rooms are really well put together and there are certainly no rough edges - believe me , my wife looked everywhere ! ! ! We will definitely be returning to the Regencia in the future .
Do n't expect miracles . I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my Mum in early October . I had booked a twin room with breakfast via a travel agent . When we arrived the receptionist surprised us saying that they ran out of twin rooms and could offer us only a double room . We were willing to pay for an upgrade but all rooms had been taken . It was n't a great start . The room was a shoe box size and smelt heavily of cigarette smoke . Luckily , the house - keeping was quick to react and in the evening when we came back , it was all fresh and pleasant . The best part of our double room was the bathroom . It was clean and modern although petit . The reception staff was always very friendly and happily offered advice on how to use public transport and taxis . Breakfast was also sufficient with a reasonable selection of pastries and bread and rolls . The cheese board was OK . We loved the location and proximity to a Metro station , lots of shops ( bakery , grocery shop , cheese shop , etc ) and more importantly to the Notre Dame . I 'm not sure if Agora St Germain hotel was the best value for money . Well , it was a busy period in Paris due to the Rugby Cup so many hotels were fully booked and other put up the prices . Given the overall experience , I will consider another hotel in the area in the future .
Good Service and Location . We arrived at about noon on Saturday the 3rd of September and were checked in to our room within ten minutes , a big plus as I had traveled from Los Angeles and just wanted to get some sleep . As noted in other reviews when you close the drapes the rooms are very dark and their is no clock . I for one was happy to have a room I could make dark enough to get some sleep in in the middle of the day and did not care what time it was . The room was nicely appointed and very quite . We had room service that evening , from Pixio ( sp ? ) , which was both delivered quickly and very very good - in fact so good that we had dinner at their once during our stay . I found the staff very helpful and friendly and did not experence any delays in getting the room cleaned as had been noted by others . Like other I had a problem with the shower and got some water on the floor during my first attempt but did not find it hard to adjust two and found the water pressure and temperture controls to be fine . If you have stayed in a Sofitel or other european chain you will know doubt be a master of this type of shower and in any case it is not hard to keep water in the tub once you get us to it . The only problem I experenced was getting to the hotel , our cab driver seem confused and while we got to the right street he insisted the hotel was located a block before its acutal location . Apparently this is a common problem as the hotel staff saw us coming and rushed to help with the bags . I was highly pleased with both the hotel and Pixio and recomend both though I would say that this hotel would be best for business travelers and couples . I would also print of a detailed map of the location .
We had a fantastic stay . The hotel is very modern and immaculately clean . We had a small balcony and the room was immaculate with the most white and crisp bedding . The bathroom was very modern and trendy with lovely fluffy white towels . The staff were all very pleasant and helpful without exception . A verg good buffet breakfast was provided each morning . We will stay at this hotel when we return to Paris . Highly recommended for a quiet , relaxing holiday . Surely a FIRST CLASS HOTEL
Fantastic hotel . Royal Magda was fantastic ! The staff were incredibly friendly and the breakfast kept us going all day . We spent two nights there and found the location was perfect for either walking or the metro is just around the corner . And because it 's down a side road the rooms are also very quiet . The very nice staff gave us a great restaurant recommendation for my birthday dinner and even provided us with knives and plates when we bought cheese and bread from the market back to our room . The room was small but very clean and nicely furnished and we really did n't need it to be any bigger after all you 're only there to sleep ! Will return for sure and would recommend for others without hesitation .
Great location . Myself and a friend stayed at the Duquesne Eiffel Hotel for 3 nights in November . We had a wonderful trip . We arrived at 10pm in the middle of a massive downpour . The receptionist was joking with us and it lightened our moods . He made a reservation for us at a lovely little Italian restaurant a 5 minute walk away , and we were very happy with this , as we would never have found it on our own . The hotel was kept very clean at all times and the decor is lovely , but I believe they are currently redecorating . We stayed in a twin room called Madeleine ; the rooms all seem to be named after areas of Paris . It was a small but perfectly adequate room , the beds were very narrow but I enjoyed a perfect sleep every night . The bathroom was perfect , there was a separate toilet , which was good when there are 2 staying in the room , however a wash hand basin in the toilet room would have been useful . We had a view of the Eiffel Tower from the room , which was fabulous , especially when it sparkles for 10 minutes every hour on the hour . We did n't eat breakfast in the hotel , but enjoyed it along our way out every morning and there were many lovely places to choose from . The drinks in the mini bar were cheap compared to most hotels I have stayed in and compared to the prices in cafes and restaurants around the city . The metro station at Ecole Militaire is very close by , but we found the hotel was very well located for exploring on foot . The Eiffel Tower is very near by and from there , many other sights are within easy walking distance . We even walked back from the Latin quarter late one night and we felt very safe . I would recommend this hotel and I would definitely stay there again .
What a disappointment . Tho only a 2 star had high expectations of this place based on previous TripAdvisor reviews . We stayed for 2 nights . Room was dreary and rather like hospital with drab walls . We were on the 1st floor directly above reception and smoke seemed to find its way into the room . I found the staff v unhelpful . For example , I asked someone on reception if it was possible to buy a 1 - day travelcard for the metro . They did n't know . Hmmmm . Breakfast v poor for the money . Basic continental and not good quality . The hotel is not that cheap . Those searching for somewhere slightly quirky and full of character should look elsewhere . Avoid !
' Overrated ' . We have in the past relied on the opinions posted on Tripadvisor for hotels in Dominican Republic , Las Vegas , G / Canyon and Los Angeles . Thankfully ALL have been excellent hotels as recommended . So we obviously looked on Tripadvisor for an hotel in Paris . We can honestly say that we wish we hadn ' t . I 'm not sure if the people who posted the earlier reviews stayed at the same hotel as we did ! I 've heard that the hotel rooms in Paris are small but I did n't realise how small they can be ! The bedroom was a double with only just enough room for what looked like a rather small and very hard and uncomfortable double bed . There was very little storage for any clothes for our 4 night stay . The room although clean had a large stain in the carpet and looked as if it had n't been painted for at least 5 years . The bathroom was clean and although small proved adequate , with plenty of hot water on tap at all times of the day . There were no windows in the room just a large set of French doors that we had to leave open as it was in the mid 80 's during our stay . Outside was noisy at times , but I guess that applies to many hotels in Paris . Thankfully the hotel provided us with a large fan that kept the room temperature to a bearable level . The walls appeared paper thin , but thankfully people around us seemed to share our waking / bed times . The brakfast was well worth the extra cost being a typical continental affair served at your table in a small brakfast room . The hotel is a good 15 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and only a few minutes walk away from a well connected Metro station . The staff were generally hepful and reasonably friendly . Overall we would say that the hotel was no more than adequate . I find it hard to believe that there are n't other better hotels in Paris at the same and probably cheaper price . My advice is to carry on searching Tripadvisor for another hotel .
Clothes stollen from our room on the 4th floor . We were looking forward to staying at this hotel , for the past three years we had stayed in the area and had seen the hotel ; we liked the look of it and so we booked our short break . Our room was average and on the 4th floor , it looked into the courtyard , not a huge problem but obviously no views . On our first day we left our room in the morning , the room door was locked when we left and we spent a good day seeing the sights . At 6pm we returned to find things had been disturbed in our room , on opening the wardrobe it was evident that many itmes of clothing and other valuable items were missing . We reported this immediately the reception staff . The reception staff were surprised , and claimed that this had never happened before . A member of staff came to our room , she took notes and remineded us to keep the windows locked ; they were . She asked if the clothes were under the bed ; they were n't . She said her staff were honest and had worked there for years . She told us that two of the hotel staff had entered the room that afternoon - this had been recoded on the electronic key . Not once did she apologise , she was defensive and we had no confidence that she will look into the theft which we reported to the police . Other valuable and setimental items were taken in addition to the clothing . We left the hotel the follwoing day as we did not trust anyone there anymore . I would NOT recommend this hotel to my friends or family . BEWARE .
OK , but not great . The entrance to the hotel ( from the street )
mid week break . Stayed as mid week break . Overall the hotel was great with a very convenient location . Expensive for what you get but balanced against the convenient location . Staff very accommodating apart from one bad experience with a duty manager . The handle of the door to the ladies health suite changing rooms broke leaving guests unable to access the room . The Duty Manageress had no sympathy nor empathy for my wife 's inconvenience at waiting in the corridor for ten to fifteen minutes until door was fixed . Small issue maybe but amplified unnecessarily by the fact that it was raised in the requested customer comment sheet filled in before leaving . Noone has got back to us from Marriot with a reponse suggesting the after break service is not high on hotel agenda . Spent approx 750 euros over two nights so disappointed at lack of response to our only gripe of the stay . It has made us question whether we use same hotel on another trip to paris next year .
Loved Hotel . But Beware . We spent 3 nights in this hotel in July . It was terrific - nice , clean rooms , large bathrooms , convenient to the Metro , and a view of the Eiffel Tower . The staff was very friendly and willingly helped us with restaurant reservations and other recommendations . The area is nice too - good bakery for breakfast nearby ( no need to have the overpriced hotel breakfast ) , and a street called Rue Cle a short distance away that has a traditional feel to it . Now the bad part . We made the reservation 9 months in advance for four nights . We paid in full as we were required to do and purchased cancellation insurance . After our itinerary changed we notified the hotel and cancelled one night of our stay - this occurred several months in advance of our arrival . We were assured that we would receive a credit for the cancelled night , which we did not receive before our arrival . Upon arrival and check - in we spoke at length to the hotel staff , who again assured us that we would receive a credit . Now , more than a month after our stay we still have received nothing . We are out almost $ 550 ( it was for 2 rooms ) , so this is not insignificant . Bottom line - this is a nice hotel , but beware if you think your plans could change . They seem unwilling to honor their own cancellation insurance and refund policies .
Its Dinsey , what do you expect ? First of all , the front desk was most helpful . We arrived at 11 am and the bag handler told us our room would be ready by 3 , enjoy the park and the bags would be placed in our room . The front desk told others the same thing . Seeing that we had just arrived from an overnight flight , they got us a room within 15 minutes and we got to rest before going to the park . You ca n't beat the location to the park . Period . The hotel was very expensive , but , not having to take the bus from your hotel to Disneyland . . . priceless . . . The food at breakfast , which is included , was average . The buffet dinner . . . if you can , skip it . Poor quality and expensive . However if you have young children they do bring in the characters , which makes it worth it . hey , it 's Disneyland . Do n't act like you are suprised that everything is so expensive and mediocre ! ! Tip . . . buy an autograph book as soon as you get there . Once the kids see everyone else approaching the characters , you will eventually be buying one anyway , this way they get as many autographs as they can . The characters also come to this hotel , which is nice , bc there are less of a crowd surrounding them . The park is smaller and more managable than the US . Better for smaller kids . The room was excellent quality and comfort . The pool is a bit small , but was not crowded . I hear the Sequioa has a better pool . . . but again you have to take the bus to Disney . Checkout was easy , housekeeping returned an expensive Chloe coat with $ 38 US in the pocket that I left behind . . . very honest . I would go again .
location good . Excellent location . Walking distance to Louvre , bus tours departure point , restaurants and shops . Our only disappointment was we were in room number one . It was on the ground floor next to reception . We could hear people walking past and the phone ringing in reception . We checked in at 5 . 30pm and our room was n't ready we were told to come back in an hour . No offer of shower or anything . We enquired about ordering a taxi for 9am and the reception incorrectly ordered it immediately - we were n't even packed and had to rush . If booking be sure to state that you do not want a ground floor room . All that aside - we were so busy looking at sights that we did n't spend much time in the room . It was small .
Extremely Disappointing . My husband and I stayed at the Terass for two nights in mid - Sept . 2004 . We booked a double superior room and we were given a room on the 5th floor w / absolutely no view . ( except for a dreary alley way and the back of a run - down apartment building . ) There were also a number of things wrong with the room . ( 1 ) our phone was broken . ( 2 ) there was a heavy ring of mold / mildew in the shower . ( 3 ) our tv remote was missing . ( 4 ) the bathtub shower fixture was broken . My husband and I asked for another room but we were told none were available . I complained about the broken items and the phone was fixed and some of the mold was removed . Will not stay here again .
problems at check in spoilt a lovely hotel . we had booked a superior room but upon arrival we were told they had no rooms available ! we had already paid via expedia . They put us in a taxi to the warwick hotel which was on a noisy street and was no where near the quality of the plaza vendome . I was told that we would be upgraded to a junior suite but upon our ( inconvenient ) return we were only given an executive room which was small and I suppose very similar to the room we booked . The hotel was lovely but I didnt get a refund for the cheaper friday night stay and it somewhat spoilt the hotel for me . The location and style are excellent . shame about the booking .
Are we talking about the same hotel ? ? ? I too recently stayed in Room # 31 as part of an 8 week trip around the world and Hotel Langlois was the worst room hubby and I encountered . True , it was a large room with huge bathroom but the ' antique ' furniture for us meant old and broken . One bedside table door and one cupboard door did n't open , the bed creaked terribly ( as we know the floor does too ) and was a double when we had been confirmed a queen . The ' log ' style pillow was very uncomfortable . Acoustics where poor , we were asked to turn down the TV which we did not have up very high . Room was so hot we had to request a fan . There were no tea making facilities . As for the convenience of the metro a few steps away , we could hear the underground trains rumbling by all night ! The room is certainly affordable and the staff are very helpful but I would not recommend the hotel .
needs improvement . i have read all the great reviews in tripadvisor before booking this room but i felt it was quite a disappointment . the hotel itself is just a 3 minute walk from the metro and the interiors of the rooms are fantastic . i like how the hotel was quite small and personal , there was free wifi and the receptionist was friendly . however theres lack of amenities and inadequate service . they do n't have housekeeping so any problem you might encounter with your room ( i had problems with the sink etc ) had to wait until the next day . they never mentioned any tea / coffee making facilities which is understandable but i wish that they would at least provide a spoon or fork in the room . they did not replinish toiletries too . i had to request it from them when i ran out on the fourth / fifth night . . for other people who are light sleepers the rooms are not that sound proofed so you might hear bits of noise at night but it wasnt a problem for me . i understand that paris rooms are smaller than average so the room size was accepted as is . i did know how large the space would be before booking . the biggest problem would be the service . we had a prebooked arrangement from hotel to the airport for free but the driver never showed up . apparently he did show up but the hotel reception told him that we had checked out THE DAY BEFORE . we waited for our ride without having any idea that he already left thanks to the misinformation . like i said the receptionist was friendly but have managed to make us spend an additional 52 euros on taxi due to carelessness . he didnt even offer to help us call a taxi when we said we needed to get a cab in order to make it to our flight . awkward moment of stares and what do you want me to do looks ensues . i would probably not stay in this hotel again . i do love the rooms but i dont want to get stressed during my next vacation .
Stay Away . We noticed a strong odor on the floor and my wife could n't understand why she was suffering from breathing difficulty each night when we returned to the hotel . We later found out that the smell was mold ( we suspected but it was later confirmed ) due to a problem they had on the floor above with the sprinkler . It is hard to believe that a hotel placed guests on a floor knowing that there was a mold problem . The breakfast , which is 40 Euros ( about $ 55 USD ) is ok but I never rec 'd the omelette I requested despite numerous requests . Bottom line , for the price there are far more reputable places to stay in Paris .
Good . Booked directly with the hotel , and had no problem at all . We had a reasonably early check in being late morning , and the room was ready . We were on the 5th floor and had a view of the Eiffel Tower which was great . The rooms are small , anc probably a little tired looking , but it was fine , but you are not in Paris for the room , but for the tourism , and the hotel is in a great place for that . very central to everything , and with a number of cafe 's within a stones throw . Booked an evening dinner cruise through the hotel , and we could n't have been any happier with it , absolutely fantastic . Had no problem with the staff , they all seemed freindly enough to me . If i had one gripe , i think that the rooms are over priced , but that 's just me ! ! ! ! ! !
Location , location , location . Just returned from a few days in Paris staying at this excellent establishment - could n't fault it . Only a few steps from the metro / RER and just about everything else on the doorstep . Although I 'd read Trip Advisor reviews before booking through Expedia I was pleased to find it was all true . Brilliant holiday and when I return to Paris , I shall certainly return to this hotel .
Great Hotel . We stayed at the Hotel Lanlois and thoroughly enjoyed it . The price was very reasonable , at the time , and the hotel and our room were very clean . The bathroom was very nice , and the room was spacious enough . All European hotel rooms are rather small ; but , our room did not make us feel claustrophobic . We also found the staff to be very friendly . The elevator is a very tight squeeze , if you have an overabundance and oversized luggage . You may have to make a couple of trips . I would not only reccommend this hotel ; but , would also stay again and again on subsequent visits .
A great experience for insomniacs ! This hotel always seems to get great reviews . It is both value for money and benefits from wonderfully helpful staff . It is off a main road , so slightly protected from Parisienne traffic noises although it is close to a popular church which gives you no peace whatsoever with loud bell ringing sessions . The rooms are pretty small but refurbished and whilst the bedrooms are pretty middle of the road , the bathrooms have been given a pleasant modern twist . However , beware being allocated a room at the rear of the hotel . These look out on the blank wall of an internal well shaft , so absolutely no views and the rooms are dark as a result . Noise tends to travel up the well . You are shielded from the city noises of the front facing rooms though . All rooms have a problem of paper - thin walls , so if you do n't mind hearing your neighbours ' baby crying all night or early morning drinking sessions as friends catch up on their days out - this is for you . It is a great area for food - brilliant boulangeries / cheese shops , restaurants and cafes and it is literally 5 minutes from Notre Dame and the Panthenon . All in all a good experience if you are not looking for pampering or a night 's sleep !
very pleased stay . bathroom # 1
Good first visit to Paris . I chose the Hotel Residence Monge for our May trip to Paris based on TripAdvisor reviews . I would recommend the Monge because it was conveniently located ( near Notre Dam , the Sorbonne , the Pantheon ) , affordable , and walking distance to train stops ( 1 / 2 a block 2 blocks ) . As other reviewers have said , Julie was an incredibly efficient manager and was quick to respond in English to email inquiries , and provided excellent dining recommendations and traveling suggestions while we were there . The property itself is not particularly memorable - but the convenience , security , and ease of staying here was perfect for a first time Paris visitor . The proximity to Notre Dam was the best part - we went there a number of times and even purchased tickets for an organ recital ( although Sunday Mass was pretty much the same experience and highly recommended ) .
Great Hotel but California Grill is a joke ! We have just returned from a magical stay at the Marriott Village Ile de France which was excellent . On our last evening we booked a table at the California Grill / Disneyland Hotel for our 8th weddding anniversary . The place has an upscale interior decoration with exception of the circular soulless salon , down the left , from the open kitchens . We ordered twice the 49 euro menu which was of very poor quality . My prime rib was the worst I have ever eaten , hard like a rock . The Barnaise sauce was served in a mignature glass and quite disgusting . My wife went for the Sea Bream with black Thai rice , completely dry and tasteless . When she asked for a portion of pommes pure it was not available . Our 4 year old son wanted some mayonnaise for his carbonised burger . This was also not available . The hectic , over - nervous waiter in our section forgot all our drink orders , brought us the wrong desserts and was above all unfriendly to somewhat rude . The girl clearing the tables next to us put all her fingers in the glasses to take them to the bar , . . . what a service . On several occasions you could also hear the chef scream like mad when kitchen doors opened . It added to the general atmosphere in the place . Please , people at Disney , hire someone to get this restaurant sorted !
Great little hotel , but snooty service . Renaissance Vendome is beautifully decorated , with very plush rooms : marble bathroom outfitted with Bulgari Green Tea toiletries ; flat - screen TV , high thread count sheets . The location is lovely , too : just off the Place Vendome in the rue St Honore shopping district , and five minutes to metro Tuileries or walking distance to the Louvre if you 're wearing flats . It 's tucked away on a side street , so it 's quiet and feels very intimate . The only downside is that the service does n't feel very caring . I 'm a Platinum member at the Marriott hotels , but received only a free breakfast : no cocktails , no internet access , no welcome drink . At breakfast , we were ignored by the staff until we literally had to peek into the kitchen to seek service . There was a false fire alarm at 10am on Sunday , and the staff did n't even bother to explain what was happening although guests were trooping down to the lobby in their bathrobes . Likewise , the concierge was not at his desk when I inquired about restaurant reservations . The receptionist literally said , It 's not my job , before reluctantly helping me to call the restaurant . In the end , the concierge did return and did his job well , securing the booking and dialing my overseas mobile phone to confirm the booking with me ; but it felt rather flat by that point .
Disneyland Hotel Paris . Great Location , great bell service they were very helpful on arrival and departure . Front desk was slow , really really slow and only two persons working . Our room was ok , 1327 , they need to go a good clean toe nails and dirt behind the bedside table . Everything else OK . Room service food is really really bad and not worth the money , the soup was from a tin , the pasta had a sauce from a tin , I asked then why they can not make a fresh sauce , they said they can not . The California Grill , 50 euro plate of fish and it was burned , there as well they could not make fresh sauce for a pasta . The veal really salty and served in a small dish not worth 43 euros . There cheese trolly well , the smallest selection I have ever seen in the country famous for cheese , 5 types of cheese . They had a good wine list . Good service Inventions well its self service and it feels like front canteen from mash . If you can take any food without being pushed aside by hungry fellow guests , its ok , but at 50 euros per head its not worth it . Whats makes it worth it for the kid are Mickey and freinds who really are fun for the kids . Hotel breakfast is ok . Whats worth the money only to stay at this hotel is Mickey and Friends every morning from 7 . 30am until 11am , and the Hotel is 20 meters from the Park . After spending 2500 euros in 3 days , they charged us 65 euros extra to be allowed to check out at 12 . 30 instead of 11am , It feels like its all take from the Hotel and they give nothing .
Fine enough , a pleasant stay . Stayed here for two nights on tripadvisor recommendation . A pleasant enough experience . Reception staff professional , room adequate , very nice location . Starting each day with a less than two minute walk to Notre Dame and a leisurely stroll down the Seine is pretty blissful . Amazing pastries served in the hotel breakfast room - - make sure you try them ! ! I 'd most likely stay here again when I visit Paris .
Great for not making your hols feel like a business trip . I thought I might add my voice to the many reporting here . . . The hotel was great with the foyer and very cool lift setting the mood . The room ( 64 ) was clean ( apart from the mysterious but inoffensive appearance of an empty wrapper marked Trojan ) and had a great view of the Sacre Coeur over the rooftops . The furniture was warm ( in feeling , not temperature although that was fine ) . The staff was helpful and patient with my French . We did n't try the television / look in the minibar since there was no shortage of entertainment or bars even in a very wet and windy December Paris . We did n't try the breakfast either as there 's no shortage of cafes to find a coffee and a croissant . Since I travel relatively frequently with business , I find it difficult to drop into holiday ( vacation ) mode in the sort of identi - room seen in most cities in most countries , and when I 'm off for a long weekend with my fiancee we do n't need a pool on site , great conference facilities and 2 , 134 channels of TV to alleviate the boredom of a soulless cell . This place was the perfect antidote . I gather the previous reviewer 's successors in room 63 ( or 62 ) also enjoyed their stay from the faintly audible expressions of pleasure ( ahem ) , but other than that and some gently gurgling plumbing , the place was quiet . Obviously the place has a certain mood to it . . . Hausman is very close so perfect for shoppers , but everywhere is walkable and the metro is less than two minutes away .
loved splendid ! gardens below Eiffel tower
Beware of your belongings . I chose to stay at the Renaissance based on the reviews I had read on this site , but I really regret my decision . First , the room was very small , and , although I had used Marriott points , I still had to pay an extra 70 euros / night for an upgrade ( ? ) . Next , although it was very clear that there were 2 of us staying in the room , housekeeping continually left only 1 chocolate when asked for another , said they did n't have any more . I realize the chocolate thing is not that big of a deal , but it was a disappointment . Also , one reviewer had raved about the shower , which I thought was awful . It was a small square stall that smelled of mold / mildew , and the water pressure temperature both varied throughout a shower . The worst thing , though , was when we were packing to leave , my daughter realized her stuffed dog was missing ! She is 18 now , but has had that dog since she was about 3 has taken him on every trip we have ever taken . The front desk assured us that it must have been taken with the sheets , they would contact the laundry service , and we would of course get the dog back . Since returning home , we are now told by phone that chances are very bad that he 'll be returned . Ironically , part of the reason I chose this hotel vs . the Marriott Champs Elysses was that , 4 years ago , when we stayed at the Marriott , my sunglasses were taken . I will admit that the hotel is in a good ( but quiet ) location and the staff ( other than at least one housekeeper ) is pleasant , but watch out for extra charges and keep all of your belongings locked up ! ! ! !
Hotel Theft - - - Management Deception . We just got back from our stay in Hotel Langlois , and had such a miserable experience that I feel I have to share it with other travelers . Our hotel room was robbed during our stay and the hotel managed this incident very poorly . Our almost entire wardrobe got stolen during the trip including many luxury brand items that you can not necessarily fit into a safe . Some of these items were bought during their trip in Paris including luxury handbags and footwear . The robbery took place on the day before our departure . We are still investigating the matter , but we have not been compensated for our loss to this day and it seems like such an expensive stay for a 2 - star hotel when you factor in our loss , not to mention the stress factor . I would stay away by all means . Here is a recap of the hotel theft incident : We entered the room one evening to find it all messed up and realized many of our belongings were missing from the room . We called the reception which then informed the manager . The manager apologized and told us they would compensate us for whatever was stolen . We said we would like to inform the authorities and make an official statement to the police . The manager told us this is unnecessary and asked us to make a list of stolen items . When we asked the manager if he could see in the computer any entries to our room other than housekeeping , we were told that there were none . However , one hotel staff did tell us later that our room was entered after the housekeeping left and before we arrived . We were puzzled . The next day , when we provided the manager with the total value of the missing goods , he proceeded to the closest bank and came back with a copy of a swift message for X Euros ( total value of the stolen items ) showing that this amount was transferred to our bank account and allowing no arguments or discontent on our part . The case seemed to be settled and closed . That day , we flew to London , relieved . When we came back home , we found out that the manager recalled the money from our bank without even informing us . We were told to deal with the insurance company . Well , as the hotel manager had told us at the time of the incident that it was unnecessary to call the police and issue an official statement , we were in no position to recover the total value of the goods from the insurance company . We had a wrong start . Had the hotel manager not provided us with the bank receipt showing X euros were transferred to our account the next day , our approach would have been more professional and official . We have been robbed and later deceived by the hotel management . We faced tremendous stress in dealing with this hotel theft situation . The hotel 's management of the situation was far more stressful for us than the incident itself . Again , I would stay away by all means . After all , a vacation is meant to bring you peace and not stress .
Our Paris Home Away From Home . We recently spent 8 nights at this wonderful hotel . After the first night we instantly felt at home in this place . The room was large , comfortable and clean . The bathroom was clean , well - lit , and the largest we 've ever had in Europe . The kitchenette was a nice feature , since we were able to prepare some light meals . The refrigerator was great in keeping some fresh fruits and snacks . And the room was very quiet ; we heard very little street noise . The hotel location was very convenient . It is in between two Metro stops , either of which only takes a couple of minutes walk to reach . There is a fresh food market at the Maubert - Mutualit Metro stop three times a week . There are many local shops nearby that sell bread ( Eric Kayser is our recommendation ) , pastries , cheese , fruits , etc . If you prefer convenient food there is a Franprix store around the corner . We loved the small size of the hotel . However , the night desk clerk seems to be the only staff available between 7:00 PM and 7:00 AM . One night at 10:00 PM a fuse blew in our room causing half the room and the bathroom to be dark . This did not affect power to the kitchenette , TV and the desk lamp . We called to the front desk and they were unable to help . The next morning at 7:30 AM I went down to the front desk to mention our problem . It was immediately fixed to our satisfaction . We have no doubt that the next time we are in Paris we are going to stay here - if rooms are available .
It was all a bunch of lies . Superior does NOT mean a guranteed view ! If you 're picking this hotel , because you want to see the tower out your window , DON ' T ! We were so excited about staying at this hotel based on the reviews . We 'd seen the candid visitor photos where you can see the eiffel tower from the window of your room . IF you booked a superior room . So , we made sure to book 2 superior rooms , so that my husband and I , as well as grandma and the kids could both have a spectacular view of the tower from our room . We booked months in advance . But apparently , booking early does n't get you any consideration . Imagine our incredible disappointment when we arrived to find that the room for Grandma and the kids # 35 did have a good view of the tower , but the room that they put me and my husband in , # 54 , did NOT have a view of the tower . When I went downstairs , to ask to be moved to the room that they 'd advertised , the clerk slammed things around , and informend me that yes , the room WAS a superior room . I just had to GO OUT ON MY BALCONY , and look way around to the right , and then I could see it . First , if you 're at all afraid of heights , there 's no way you 're going out on that balcony . Second , you ca n't stay out there , it 's far to narrow . The hotel staff was COMLETELY unconcerned that the romantic evening they 'd advertised was in fact a lie . In fact , there are only 3 rooms in the hotel with a view of the tower out your window as they advertise , but many more than that with NO view of the tower out your window that they classify as SUPERIOR . So , if you think that you 're going to get one of the good ones for certain just because you book a superior room , DO N'T COUNT ON IT ! You 're really paying for a CHANCE that you get a room with a real view of the tower . Also , if you do stay at this hotel , the breakfast room is like an oven . I 'd eat somewhere else .
did not care . Just come home two day early from this hotel managed to get our travel agent eurostar to bring us home early . Hotels fire sensors going off every 75 seconds outside our room reported this in the afternoon following day when we left about 9 . 15 following morning sensors still ringing every 75 seconds . My husband and I got no sleep all night and thanks to no rooms being availble thanks to the rugby world cup could not change rooms . Hotel did not seem too bothered that we had to put up with this noise all night . Nice hotel but would not recommend hey do not care about the customer .
Excellent location BUT . . . . . I agree with all that has been said by previous guests about the location but unless you ask for a suite ( and pay the corresponding price ) , premium rooms are VERY small . There is only one chair for two people , the bath is really a sitting bath but not high enough for that and the toilet just big enough for small children . Separate shower okay . And all this at a very stiff price ! Staff very friendly . Breakfast at an exorbitate price but there are plenty of small places within three minutes walk . Shall certainly not return because the price / performance ratio is poor .
Treat yourself . I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor when we were planning to stay at Disneyland Hotel . This was the glamour end to our budget hotel holiday in UK . I chose to stay here rather than Paris Central because I was nervous of my lack of French language skills . In the end basic local greetings became second nature . If fact when my husband yawned on the homeward - bound flight , he excused himself in French ! The family made the most on being on site at Disney and in fact skipped a pre - arranged Paris tour to have another day at the park . However when we did venture into Paris itself via RER and Metro , we had no problems commuting . Find out before booking about the Express Check In available for Disney guests departing on Eurostar from London Waterloo . We had not pre - arranged this and although it was not difficult to walk from Marne - la - Vallee station on arrival , having to open all our cases and hand luggage for a bag check at the entry to Disneyland was a bit embarrassing and took the edge off the arrival .
Not what i expected . For our four nights in one of the tinkerbell suites i must say that i was somewhat disappointed with the level of service we received and the overall standard of the hotel . Firstly the air conditioning just did n't do anything other than blow hot air no matter what its setting was . The sofa bed actually collapsed the second night , for which there was apparently no replacement available . We ended up having two additional single beds in our living room for the remaining duration of our stay . No apology offered . Room service turn around times were terrible ( typically 50 minutes plus , one night 70 minutes ) . It would appear that the overall planning for the influx of families was poor - when you saw the length of the queue for breakfast every morning downstairs you did have to question the ability of the hotel to handle the number of bookings they had . In comparison to many hotels which we have stayed in around the world , the service offered by this hotel was miles behind what we had received elsewhere . My recommendation now to others is either stay here just one night , or stay in a proper hotel in Paris and catch the train !
A very " hot " first nigth in Paris . I use tripadviser very frequently to consult travel places worldwide . I am a physician in Brazil and travel around the world in Medical Conferences and Meetings . The last one was in Vienna and Paris . My first night in Paris was very " hot " literally , because the air conditioner is broken and the temperature even at night was above 75o F . I try everything : call the front desk , go there and talk to the manager , try to fix myself the control . Finally sweat and tired I quit . I take a bath and open the window ( the suggestion of the front desk manager ) and try to sleep . The Morfy 's Law seen to follow me that night so as the temperature drops the noises go up and I have to choose between a " hot " night or a " noise " one . The next day before breakfast I go to front desk and the day manager promises me to fix the air conditioner . When I arrive in the evening I find a portable air conditioner adapted at my window , and it works but the noise is even louder than outside . I go down again and insist to change to other room and the manager tries to elude me sawing that all rooms are at the same condition . I call for checkout and than the new room appear . I stay in this new room ( not an upgrade one ) for 5 nights and the air conditioner works fine and in silence . Be aware of troubles room at Elysse Regencia in Paris , and if you do n't complain about the troubles you get the hotel staff will smile to you and say " Merci " . ( First room is 24 and second 64 )
Nothing special . Contrary to the numerous rave reviews , I am somewhate surprised at the popularity of this hotel after staying there for a couple of evenings . The service was impersonal with a different person at the front desk nearly everytime I walked past . The previous year I stayed at Eduard VII near l ' Opera and found it much more charming , accomodating , with friendlier reception and service .
What a waste of time ! I was really impressed with the reviews and recommendations for this hotel so quickly put it in my top 3 to look into . I was after a balcony and view so decided to contact the hotel directly to make an enquiry . I explained very clearly that we require a room with balcony and view and were wanting this confirmed before we made the booking , as we were going to enquire with many hotels until we got what we were after . I advised I would not book if I could not have this . We were happy to ask around as not going to Paris until August 08 . So , after their reply with what they could offer for our dates , we kept up the communication and booked a room - only to be informed once we booked and paid a booking fee , that the rooms we were after were all gone ! ! ! ! Oh but you can have another nice one that is not what you want . . . . typical dodgy hotel tricks . I know hotels do it , cos most people will take what they are given but I had one requirement so not good enough for me ! I was really disappointed with this hotels service and I sent a couple of emails asking why I was not told in the first place that they did not have any rooms available with my requirements , but they avoided the question , just advising they are limited and what we can have etc . So I have sent a final reply to them requested it be passed to the manager but unsurprisingly , now that I have cancelled the booking I have not heard a peep from them . . . All other replies came back within 1 / 2 a day and now its been 3 or so days without a word . Since I am not going to be giving them any more money I guess they just dont care what I think , I am just one chump in many . Be very careful when you have specific requirements . . . make sure you get a straight answer from them or you might get the broom closet . The fact that they do not have a room for us is fine , I understand they have a limited number . Thats why I asked first ! What really annoys me is that they should have been honest in their reply to my enquiry . I was very clear that we needed this confirmed before booking and they pretty much just tricked us into booking . Not what I call good service at all . I will never look at staying here again simply due to the appalling service . And its not just one staff member , my initial query was answered my the Manager Julie herself . I am sure its a nice hotel and I would have liked to see that , instead I was mucked around by an incompetent , dishonest hotel business . What makes me laugh ( now ) is that after wasting 4 days in correspondence with this I hotel , I enquired with Hotel Les Jardins d ' Eiffel . . . not expecting much after this experience as I was very annoyed with the whole thing , packing a sad n all that . But they were friendly , helpful and honest in what they could offer . So I now have my perfect hotel room for my anniversary , with a balcony and view of the Eiffel tower - just at a different hotel ! I will of course let everyone know if it worked out . . . .
Poor Service . Stayed at this place based on the reviews of this website - I 'm sorry I did . The service was very poor . I arrived at the hotel early in the morning with a confirmed reservation for a certain room type picked out from website . Was told that I could n't check in yet - which was reasonable since it was before noon . Came back later in the day but was then told , oh sorry that room is not available despite my confirmed reservation and having presented myself earlier in the day ? ! The only room now is one on the ground floor right off the lobby facing the street ( with traffic passing by ) . Why was n't I told that when I got there that morning ? I would have left and found a different hotel . But obviously when I came back it was too late to find another hotel . Guess they wanted to fill as many rooms as possible and gave mine away to someone who did n't want the lobby room . The attitude of the manager / desk staff was very poor . She half - heartedly tried calling for a cab . When the line was busy after one try she said sorry just find one on the street . Thanks for nothing . I would definitely not stay there again and if you do , do n't count on your reservation .
get what you book ? . . . one of Paris 's hidden gems , good food and Wine
hotel okay . . . great location . triple room 3rd floor
Great Little Paris Hotel . Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne
Nice but expensive . We booked a double room at this hotel with airmiles and our friends booked a junior suite . Our room was on the fifth floor and had a wonderful view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower . However , I was a bit disappointed with it , the decor was predominately red and could have been any airport hotel and the bathroom was very small and you had to stand in the bath to turn the taps on . The hotel is on a busy corner and I did think it might be noisy but I did n't hear traffic noise at night only the noise of the TV in the next bedroom . Our friends had a much nicer room but they had paid a lot more for it . Our deal included breakfast which was nice . We ate on the top floor terrace one night and it was quite good and a fantastic view but again very expensive for simple French food which you could get for half the price down the road at any local restaurant . The service was excellent and they went to great trouble for us .
I agree ! My family of 4 stayed at the Hotel Langlois for four nights . At first , I was n't so sure about the neighborhood and being far from sites . But we were n't at all . We walked to everything , but took the subway back . The folks who work at the Langlois were very nice . We stayed in a suite that accomodated us well , but for the last night needed two seperate rooms since I made a mistake when I reserved . They did give us two rooms , moved our luggage for us , and gave us a very much coveted air - conditioned room ! When I checked out and paid for our stay , I realized that they only charged us for the suite again for the last night ! That saved a bit of money . I doubt that there is a better deal in Paris . In the neighborhood we picked up outstanding coissants for 1 euro . Breakfast for 1 euro ? My children voted their stay in Paris the best of our 2 week adventure .
TOTALLY UNORGANIZED . At first we were impressed by the location ( quiet avenue , walking distance from the Eiffel Tower ) and the fact that the rooms had been recently renovated and everything was super clean . But later the true quality of this hotel was revealed . First , the air conditioning was not working properly , so the 2 rooms we had were a hot as a sauna . The very friendly but absolutely incompetent girl at the desk simply apologized but did not provide any kind of solution . We were basically told to grin and bear it , as it was a holiday in Paris and there was no staff to fix it . Changing rooms was not a possibility either . Later on the day , we asked for an iron , which of course was not available in the room . My husband was sent to a steamy room in the basement and had to iron his shirt himself , as again , there was no staff / laundry service available . The last straw was when , having tickets for the Opera , we asked Reception to book a taxi for us with an hour in advance . The girl said that it was not necessary to book it that early , as 10 minutes was enough . Of course , the taxi she called was over 15 minutes late , so we started to get worried and went out to the street to get one ourselves . Guess what ? When we are sitting inside the car , already running late and risking missing the show we had booked months in advance , she ran outside to the street , opened the door , and demanded us to get off the car immediately as she had already called a taxi for us and we could not cancel it . We replied it was her own fault as she had evidently called it too late , but she was mad and demanded the taxi driver to stop . Just then the other taxi arrived , and we were forced to get in it . By the time we got there , we barely had time to get to our seats a minute before it started . We were so stressed and shocked that the whole evening was ruined . Oh , and did I mention that the transfer she booked for us to pick us from the airport was ALSO 20 minutes late ? To sum up , the administration of the hotel is completely unreliable , so if you decide to stay there , be prepared to book all your services independently and deal with the insane girl at the front desk . After the taxi incident she was SO rude that we were actually happy to leave Paris .
Changed since Julie left ! Having stayed at this extremely convenient hotel in the Rue de Monge during the tenure of Julie I was interested to see what difference the owners had made . Rooms appear to be unaltered but reception and breakfast area now a bordelo crimson red . Believe it is now family run but there was a distinct lack of visible staff apart from the occasional head of someone sitting behind the reception desk . At no time did any member of staff address us or ask if everything was OK . Breakfast overpriced at 11 Euros and totally self service with not a member of staff on hand . Would I stay again - probably , if only for its location to central Paris , restaurants and the Metro .
Great Hotel but Service Poor . We have just returned from a 3 day break to Disneyland . If you want to get in the Christmas mood then its a wonderful time to go with your children . The hotel is decorated and very festive so is the park . Yes it was very busy but we expected that but we are in agreeance with other postings that a hotel of this size simply does not seem to be able to cope with the breakfast rush . some mornings we gave up on getting a coffee at all and on the last morning the resturant was full ! at 8 . 30 am so we were ushered into the Dumbo Suite along with many others to eat there . Also after a busy day in the park we fancied a nice sit down in the 1 and only lounge for a drink but there are literally about 7 to 8 sets of sofas . Hardly enough for the hundreds staying in the hotel . there is so much room in the hotel surely they can make another bar / lounge somewhere . On the plus side location is fantastic and we popped back numerous times to swim rest etc have a snack ( brought from home ) ! We ate at Cafe Mickey twice lots of characters and food very good Anettes Diner average . . the service not very smiley ! ! We will definately go back next year and hopefully breakfast will be sorted .
overpriced , undercleaned . aesthetically the hotel is ok and it is in quite a pleasant part of Paris but it was grubby - from the first impression , a dirty lilac doormat - with a not clean whiff in the lobby and also quite noisy with guests knocking on the wrong ( my ) door through the night and brazen about the disturbance . The bedding and curtains were clean but the bathroom less so . Furnishings like the door displayed the organic trace of previous occupants . The lavatory had not been properly cleaned for some considerable time and the tiles by the shower were grubby , with engrained mould in the grouting . The tiles on the walls were also not clean . Happily , opposite the hotel is a supermarket which sells bleach and other cleaning materials . The bathroom was not quite as daunting or whiffy after a bottle of bleach down the loo . . . Some hotels supply slippers and in others one leaves slippers that have become dirty . This definitely fell into the latter category : I simply do not understand the rave reviews others have given and did not feel able to risk the breakfast . I also do not agree that the staff were good .
lovely place to stay . this is a great hotel for a visit to the beautiful city of paris . the location is pefect the staff are friendly and helpful . the rooms were small but ideal for our needs . the rooms were very clean and we had a great view of the eiffel tower . overall i would recommend this hotel and i would stay there again .
Friendly and well located . Easy to find hotel near to metro stop . Staff are friendly and helpful and speak good English . Big , comfy sofas in reception / bar area with selection of newspapers . Had a room looking over local rooftops which was quiet and the bathroom had its own exterior window making a pleasant change . Tried some local cafes for breakfast but actually found the hotel one better - wider choice of food for a reasonable price . Only down side was the room was adjacent to the lift shaft and there were associated creaking noises every time the lift was in use .
Perfect for single woman . I have stayed in many little three - star hotels around Paris , and found this one to be the best value due to it 's location , cleanliness , helpful staff , and tasteful , well - equipped room . The tea kettle and biscuits are a nice touch . The breakfast room is very charming and they provide a very good continental breakfast . The lift was n't working for half of my stay , but they assured me it was being fixed once and for all . They did carry my suitcase down the stairs when I left without any grumbling . I like the location for easy access to a couple of good cafe 's and grocery shops . When I traveling solo , I do n't like to be out much after dark , but here you can easily eat a nice dinner a few steps from the hotel or buy food items while you 're out during the day for a bed picnic . Rue Cler nearby is a walking street full of shops and restaurants .
Perfect stay . Short comment : perfect ! Beautifull rooms , fantastic service very good location .
OK , but service is not very good . Overall the hotel is nice , but we received no help with taking our luggage to the room .
An " ok " stay . I just returned from my second stay at this hotel , this time with my older parents in a second room . While I have read the enthusiastic reviews of the hotel on this website , I have to say they may be creating an impression that may not meet expectations . The rooms are indeed on the large side for Paris and are prettily decorated and somewhat cozy . The bathrooms are very standard , but do have nice towels . The neighborhood near the metro and the Rue Cler is great and the two computers in the lobby are a wonderful convenience . I did not find the staff , except for Frederique , to be very friendly , though they were efficient . The hotel itself is beginning to need renovation , with peeling paint , stained wallpaper and badly stained carpeting in both of our rooms . The noise factor is a problem . The walls are paper thin and the noise from the elevator and staff banging around starts at 6:30am . We are not light sleepers , but it was tough . I will probably investigate other hotels before staying here again .
WORST HOTEL SERVICE EVER ! I have stayed at this hotel for 2 days in June 2008 . The hotel is nice , claiming to be luxury , whereas the only luxury it provides is its excellent location . Other than that , it lacks service . I wanted to make a reservation at the hotel 's restaurant . I called the restaurant from my room , nobody answered , I called the concierge , none answering , finally I called the reception , which transferred me to the concierge again , which made me wait for half an hour , when I personally had to go to the desk because the concierge stopped picking up the phone . At the desk , the lady was extremely rude , still telling me to wait , because she was busy . No apologies . If this hotel claims to be a luxury hotel , the service should be a reflection of that . I have stayed at many hotels , but this one tops in LACK OF SERVICE .
Nice . . . You get what you paid for This is my first time I have ever written a review for anything . I thought it would be important to express my opinion of this hotel . We stayed at Hotel de Londres from February 16th through 19th , 2007 . First of all , I booked this hotel based on what I read from Tripadvisor . This was the first time I used Tripadvisor 's advice . Sometimes one wonders if the reviews are from the hotel owners , employees , friends and family of the hotel . Regardless , this is my experience of the hotel . As a Valentine 's weekend surprise for my wife , I booked a double bed for three nights at this hotel . The cost came out to be around $ 417.00 USD . We arrived at the hotel from an airport shuttle ( CDG airport ; 17 euro per person ) . Once at the hotel , we were greeted by a real friendly female lady at the counter . I think she was either the owner or a manager of the hotel . I had emailed the hotel and requested a room on the highest floor as possible . Based on reading the prior reviews , I did not think paying extra for the superior room with a view of the Eiffel was worth the money . The nice lady directed the clerk to give us room # 62 , which was the highest floor and a view of the top half of the Eiffel Tower . We really appreciate the upgrade without the extra cost . As expected , our room was tiny and the shower was small , but overall the room was spotless . Both my wife and I are small ( 5 ' 6 " and we could barely fit on the bed . Maybe its the European thing . The free internet wireless was awesome . We were able to webcam and talk to our kids in California everyday for free using Yahoo messenger . There was a slight issued . Since we were on the 6th floor , there was no Wifi connection from the hotel , so I had to tap into the neighbors unsecured line . Keep in mind that the walls at this hotel are very thin . Whenever my wife uses the webcam and talk from our room , you could hear her in the hallway ( she does n't talk loud , but the walls are thin ) . On our 2nd day , a family from the US checked into the hotel with kids . 2 years and up . They were on the 1st or 3rd floor and we could hear them from our room ( at 1am ) so we went out for a walk and came back at 3am . By that time , the kids had fallen asleep - That 's the biggest disadvantage of this hotel . I was unable to sleep 2 nights out of 3 . Just my luck . I am a very light sleeper and in the middle of the night , I could hear the people next door using the bathroom . Yes , water from a person ( pee ) and into the toilet then flushing . If you are a slight sleeper , may want to consider . The location of the hotel is okay . It took us about 10 minutes to walk to the Eiffel Tower . On our last day at the hotel , again , we were unable to sleep and got out of bed at 5am and went for a walk to the Eiffel Tower at 6 am . . . Its nice to see the Tower without the other tourist . The other attraction at this location is Cler Rue , as mentioned by others . I thought this would be a big open market , but I was disappointed that the market was real small and it took us about 5 - 10 minutes to walk through the market . On our last day in Paris , we were near the Notre Dam and found a great location . I think the street is St . German or something like that . If you get a chance , take the underground train and visit this place . Lots of shops , restaurants and people ( tourists , locals , etc . ) . I wished we knew this place sooner . Overall , I think this hotel is okay . If we visit Paris again , I wo n't stay at this hotel again due to the location and noise , but hey . . . you get what you paid for . . . . Best of luck .
Good , clean . Stayed 6 nights last week . . . . . great location , clean . Of course , small room and bathroom ( room # 18 ) . The shower is sooo tiny ! Grabbed pastry from a bakery one block away and coffee every AM and was cheaper than eating breakfast there . Train station is right there too . Not the Ritz , but neither is the price ! Bernard was very helpful too .
A Little Disappointing . . . After reviewing your site for this hotel , I duly booked for my husband , myself and four friends to stay here for a four - night break . Our flight from the UK was 5 hours late so we did n't arrive at the hotel until 12.30 am . The staff were very friendly and helpful but the hotel itself had obviously seen better days ! Our friends were placed on the first floor whereas my husband and myself were on the fourth floor { why do hotels put people travelling together at opposite ends of the hotel ? ? } . Our room was very small and cramped [ as expected from information given here ] but the carpet was stained and dirty and the bedspread was made of a nylon material - also with dirty marks and stains . The wardrobe had 5 hangers and enough space to hang a few items of clothes . So we did not unpack our cases for the duration of our stay as we had nowhere to hang them . Breakfast was typically French and adequate but the limited choices offered made each successive day less appealing . We have become accustomed in Spain , Germany and the UK to a large selection of cheeses , meats , yoghurts , fruit , bacon etc . and the lack of this choice made breakfast very predictable and - for me - unappetising ! I loved the area . Shops , restaurants and cafes abound . I think though next time , we 'd look for a slightly better hotel in the same area .
We Liked the Splendid . Very nice hotel , well situated with excellent transport links to CDG airport via Air France Bus which stops right outside ! Staff are very friendly and efficient . Rooms are spacious and well furnished . Overall a good experience would stay there again - no doubt .
Loved the Hotel Du Cadran . My experience at the Hotel du Cadran was everything I hoped and wanted it to be . The staff was friendly and helpful , and the room was trendy and comfortable . I would love to stay there again .
Fabulous Hotel . This hotel was more than what we expected . Terrific staff , very nice , clean , and spacious room ! The Executive Lounge was excellent - - - - wide variety of food - - - - all day long ! Everyone wanted to bend over backwards for us . Concierge provided friendly , helpful tips and accurate directions . Nightly turn down service included sumptuous chocolates and other delicacies . The hotel stay definitely made our family vacation even more memorable !
A bit over - rated . Me and my girlfriend stayed a week in March 2005 . The two pros of the hotel is the location ( 30m from the far - end - gate of the Place Monge metro station ) and that it was clean . The cons were that the room we spent the first 4 nights was the smallest I 've ever seen at a hotel ( 3m X 2 , 50m ) so that 2 persons could not move around at the same time ( the one should be sitting on the bed ) with an equally tiny shower - WC ( 2m X 1m ) . The second room we were moved for the rest of our stay was a little better ( because it was for 3 persons actually ) , overlooking an old arena wich was prettier than the street view we had before . The above mentioned along with the worn towels , a cigarette - burn hole on the bed cover and the chiped bath - tub enamel , gave us the impression that we were paying much more than we should have ( 97 without breakfast ) . Finally , the breakfast we paid an extra 8 per person , was poor compared to the one our friends in another 2 star hotel were having at the same period . Overall , I think the reviews that I read before the trip , in order to book the hotel , overstated the positive sides ( qualitywise ) .
Great European Hotel . Overall , my wife and I had a great stay at this hotel . Paris was wonderful in mid - March and this hotel made it even more so . The price was right , and the hotel was recently remodeled , clean , and up - to - date . The staff was fantastic . All spoke very good English and all were incredibly friendly , at all times of day as we came and went . Speaking from experience , you will not find a better hotel than this in Europe unless you are willing to spend an arm and a leg . The hotel is out of the major tourist districts ( great if you want to experience the real Paris ) , but the location is so convenient . Two Metro stations are within a block or two away , making every major destination in Paris less than about a five minute train ride away . A short walk away from the hotel are some really nice little bakeries and cafes . Grab a couple bakery items at one of the corner bakeries and have a seat at the counter of the Cafe Bleu for a morning cafe au lait . When you first arrive , the Hotel France Albion can be a bit tricky to find . After a long flight from Chicago , it took my wife about an hour looking at maps and dragging our bags around on the Paris streets until we finally located the place . Here 's a tip : take the Metro to the station Notre Dame de Lorette , and the hotel is immediately up the street and around the corner . Just search for the station on any of the maps in the metro stations . If you are looking for a great meal on the go at an inexpensive price , try a restaurant called Brioche Doree . Its a local chain , so you 'll see them here and there throughout the city . For a real Parisian experience , find the street called Rue Cler and hang out a bit at the cafes and shops . Its not far from the Place des Invalides .
Nice hotel , a few glitches . . . My husband and I stayed at Hotel de Varenne for 8 nights . It was quiet and quaint . The courtyard is lovely and we enjoyed our breakfast there in the morning . The room was more spacious than anticipated , but cleanliness was not top grade . There was so much dust on the dark red lamp cover , I drew happy faces on it to get the cleaner 's attention . The happy faces remained untouched for our entire stay . The DVD player came with the room , great free selection of movies too ! but the DVD player turned out to be broken and did n't get fixed when brought to the attention of hotel staff . FInally , our flight got bumped to 8:30 am ( instead of noon ) and we let the manager know we would have to take a hotel room at the airport on the last night because we had to be there early and we were 1 hour away by metro . He told us that we had reserved the room and we would have to pay for it . We emphasized to him that we did n't want to leave , our flight time was changed , we had been there for 7 nights and it was 9:00 am - way before the checkout time , and we would n't be there for the breakfast which was included in our price . He suggested we take a taxi ( about 100 E ) instead of the metro ( 14 E for 2 people ) and again stated he would charge us for the room that night regardless . We thought this was inconsiderate and insensitive . In the end , we called the airline , paid for advanced flight booking and woke up at 5:00 am to get to the airport by metro at 5:30 . Overall though , we do recommend this hotel to others . It is charming and ideally located for sightseeing ; just make sure you do n't have a change in plans !
Spot on . This is our favourite part of Paris but our first visit to this hotel . The reviews are spot on , it 's a lovely , clean hotel very convenient for the metro and the famed latin quarter . The weather was lousy but c ' est la vie . Our room on the fifth floor was a good size with a queen size bed . We were much amused by the shower which was hand held and attached on a very short line to the bath tub thus requiring one to climb into the bath and kneel down to use it . If you do n't see the funny side of this , make sure you book a room with a stand up shower . We thought the breakfast was excellent but dismayed the staff by pressing both the expresso and cafe au lait buttons on the coffee machine , they thought we were mad . Do walk up the hill to the Place Contrescarpe for a drink and some wonderful people watching . Thank you , Hotel Acte V , a lovely stay .
Great Location , subway noise . We spent 5 nights over US Thanksgiving holidays . Great hotel for individual service , for location , for decor , huge bathrooms . However , DO NOT accept rooms 701 or 702 if you are a light sleeper ( like me . ) The rooms are on the ground floor , off the courtyard . You 'll hear every train which pulls through the station below , from 5:00am until 1:00am . The management would n't move us , saying the hotel was full ( for 5 nights ? ? ) . We had prepaid , best deal I found was on hotels . Hotel location is great , just across the street from Rue Cler ( a foodie 's dream ) . Eat breakfast at a cafe there , rather than at the hotel . Rue Dominique , an easy walk , has several of restaurants by Constant , which are superb . Use the Supermarche across the street for snacks and sodas . The hotel management was very helpful in getting us a last - minute taxi to CDG , after the Bluevan called to cancel our ride ( an hour before pickup ) . Do not book Bluevan without a backup ! The hotel recommended Yellowvan , and said they could have booked that for us with notice . E - mail the hotel with any requests in advance - - they DO respond .
Good location . This hotel is in a wonderful location as detailed in previous reviews . It is a small hotel with small rooms and bathrooms and an extremely small lift - be warned ! This lift held two reasonably slim people with small weekend bags - I ca n't imagine what it would be like for two large people with full sized suitcases , I think probably you would have to go in shifts . Also might be a problem with someone with a lift phobia or claustrophobia . Thankfully we did n't have that . The rooms were small , clean and the refurbished bathrooms were lovely but again very small . Your early morning wake - up call is the local church whose bells starting ringing at around 7 . 00 a . m . The breakfast room was nicely decorated but the breakfast was definitely not worth 10 Euros as evidenced by the relatively few people who were eating there on our first morning . The other two mornings we spent around the corner in the bakery which was really good . The staff were very pleasant and helpful and we really enjoyed our stay . However , I have stayed in 3* hotels in Paris on three other occasions and this hotel did not quite match up to the standard of the others .
Great location . Small hotel in a very good location . We got stuck on the ground floor behind reception with no key ( the previous occupants had taken it with them ) . Room was clean and presentable . As others have mentioned it was a little small , but I do n't see this as a negative thing . There were shutters on the windows and being a ground floor room we had to keep the shutters closed to maintain our privacy . This in turn meant we had no natural light coming in . The location is wonderful , the Eiffel Tower is very close , as is a Metro stop - so you can get around easily .
Horrible cancellation policy - beware ! My husband and I were supposed to stay at this hotel at the end of August for our wedding anniversary . I got a good rate through their summer promotion and booked directly through their website . If you do that , please be careful and read the small print ! Once you book it , it 's impossible to cancel or change the date . I made the reservation 5 months in advance , then I found out that I was pregnant and could n't go to Paris anymore . I contacted the hotel in hopes that they will consider my special situation and refund my money since I was giving them 4 months advance notice ! No such luck . I was told that it was impossible refund my money and due to some account reason they could n't even move my reservation to another date . That is too bad - I was really excited about staying at this hotel and would have definitely come back to them next summer . Now I will be looking somewhere else with more understanding management and flexible cancellation and date change policies .
Renaissance Vendome - fantastic hotel . We stayed 6 nights at this hotel , it was fantastic . The first 2 nights we stayed in the deluxe room . This is a very small room so be prepared for it . We had 2 medium sized one small piece of luggage . There was hardly any room to store them . We also were on the 2nd floor and found it fairly noisy late at night for about an hour or so because of the bar across the street . I guess they drag out the garbage bins stuff at closing . We were able to switch rooms for the next 4 nights , still on the 2nd floor but room overlooked the courtyard of hotel . Very quiet . This room was a Prestige room and it was spectacular . Very large , bathroom has separate WC , tub shower with ample storage space . Loved this room . Both rooms had very comfortable beds . Breakfast was included with our stay and it was really nice but I would not pay the 29 Euros or so that they charge for it . The location is fantastic . Only a couple of minutes walk to subway stop . Subway is very easy to use 2 euro for each ride or less if you buy a carnat of 10 tickets . There are a number of reasonably priced restaurants on Place du Marche Saint - Honore which is only a couple of short blocks from the hotel . There is also a laundromat on this street . We even did laundry while we ate one night at one of the sidewalk cafes . The staff are very professional , friendly extremely helpful . One of the best trained staff we have experienced in our travels . They really try to make your stay the best it can be and then some . The concierge will purchase the museum pass as well as other things ( Laduree macaroons being one ) before your stay for a minimal charge . The Renaissance Vendome is a very good hotel in a great location . We would not hesitate to stay here again .
Horrible . If you want to be able to roll out the door onto the doorstep of the Disneyland Paris parks then this hotel is ideal , but to be honest that 's about all it 's got going for it , and frankly that 's not much of an advantage given that most of the other hotels are within walking distance anyway . Disney position this hotel as the ultimate in luxury , which is like saying that choosing a salad instead of a burger at one of the Disneyland restaurants is healthy eating . Everything is relative I guess , but if this hotel is truly Disney 's ultimate then I 'm scared of what I 'll find at their other hotels . If you 've had the Orlando experience then you 'll recognize this hotel as a scaled - down version of the Grand Floridian , with many of the same flaws repeated . If you 've never been to Disney World , then think Holiday Inn ( in terms of room and food quality ) meets old age home ( in terms of dcor and the smell of the awful air freshener that they seem to use everywhere ) meets train station ( in terms of the huge volume of people constantly streaming through the common areas at busy times ) . For the most part the hotel 's general facilities are okay , but there are some perplexing inadequacies . In this day and age it 's inexcusable for a supposedly up - scale hotel to lack in - room wi - fi ( and to then charge you EUR 4.50 per hour to use it in the common areas ) . Ditto the lack of a basic convenience store for newspapers , toiletries , etc ( does Disney have some sort of general policy limiting the sale of anything that does n't have their logo on it ? If not can they please starting selling Goofy - branded shaving foam ) - for a reliable supply of these you have to walk to the nearby train station . We found the pool area disappointing , especially the fact that it was indoors only . A big negative for us was that the hotel was n't more than superficially clean - we pulled back the curtains in the lift lobby on our floor to look out the window and found dust and grime everywhere . The fact that our room was cleaned in less than 15 minutes on most of the days that we were there also speaks volumes in this regard ( certainly there would not have been time to vacuum the carpet in just 15 minutes ) . Our overall experience was definitely disappointing . French flair was notable only in its absence , as Disney appears to have done little more than translate the L . A . / Orlando operations manuals into French . The most obvious result of this was that our naive hopes that the food would be better than in Orlando were hopelessly dashed at the first and every subsequent nibble . The service is patchy ( most staff do try , but the overall impression is that unlike in Orlando the staff just have n't assimilated into Disney 's culture of perpetual but disconcertingly surreal happiness ) while the food is either expensive and awful ( both in terms of flavour and healthiness ) or acceptable but extortionately priced . The main buffet restaurant is named ( apparently without any culinary irony ) Inventions and for breakfast serves standard fare of mediocre quality . Fresh fruit was notable by its absence ( limited largely to over - ripe bananas , dry oranges and floury apples , or otherwise heavily sugared fruit salad ) and eggs came in only one variety ( scrambled ) . After two shaky breakfast experiences we were frankly too scared to try it for dinner or lunch . The California Grill attempts to be more up - market and charges accordingly , but it falls very far short . Dinner for 2 adults and 2 children will cost you EUR160 - 180 ( excluding alcohol ) for a meal that would be over - priced at half that much . By way of comparison , our meals at La Veranda ( Gordon Ramsey 's brasserie at Versailles ) and at Kong and Alcazar in Paris all cost the same or less and were all immeasurably better value for money . On the plus side the service at The California Grill was reasonably good ( the staff were well - trained and attentive ) and at least real vegetables ( i . e . , something other than french fries ) were on the menu for our children . Of course , the less said about the Disney park food the better - it 's truly horrendous ( and , as others have also noted , very expensive ) . Do n't eat in the parks unless you 're at death 's door - and even then the experience may hasten your demise . All you get is fat and sugar in equally excessive quantities , with a few token attempts at salad thrown in here and there . Admittedly we did n't try every " restaurant " in the park , but nonetheless The Backlot Express at Disney Studios was the only place where we found a half decent salad ( pre - made of course , and 80 % lettuce with a few token tomatoes and olives ) , but otherwise everything else in Disneyland or Disney Studios was truly , truly ghastly . It 's indeed telling that the culinary highlight of the Disney parks is The Gibson Girl on Main Street USA where the main offering is 12 flavours of Ben and Jerry ' s . FWIW , in a desperate attempt to find better food we gave Mickey 's Caf in the Disney Village a chance and at least got table service with salads on the menu , the result of which was something that was at least fresher than the prepackaged stuff inside the parks but which nonetheless completely lacked imagination and consisted of little more than iceberg lettuce leaves . TBH we tolerated the above purely for the sake of our kids , who were naturally in awe of the rides and the characters in costume ( not to mention the copious opportunities for toy shopping ) . By the third day however we had lost our ability to take one for the team , and took an excursion to La Vallee Village , the nearby brand - name outlet mall . This was a very pleasant surprise , not so much for the shopping ( which was okay but not great ) , but rather for the discovery of Bert 's Caf Contemporain , which offered a great range of fresh sandwiches , pastries , salads , cereals , yoghurts , etc , and which thus provided dinner that night and breakfast the next day as well on our way to Versailles . Clearly it was naive of us to expect an experience much different from Disney World . The rides are as good as the American originals and ( despite the apparent cultural aversion most European nationalities have to orderly queuing ) Disneyland Paris is almost as well run as its U.S. . counterpart so thankfully we ( and most importantly our kids ) had a good time outside of mealtimes , but it 's nonetheless a real shame that Disney ca n't move beyond abysmally prepared fast - food , even in the gastronomic capital of the world . In summary : do n't pay the extra money for the Disneyland Hotel unless you 're physically unable to walk the extra kilometer or so from the other Disney hotels . In all likelihood the experience will be equally ghastly at all of the Disney properties , so you might as well pay as little as possible . And take your own food .
Rated # 1 in my book ! As a family of five ( grandmother , mother and three teenage daughters ) , we stayed here the first week of July for four nights based on reports from this website . We had two family connecting rooms which were perfect - giving the girls some privacy . I believe we had rooms 26 27 - one had a small balcony . They were spacious , quiet and exceptionally clean . The hotel is situated in a very safe area - extremely important for us females - and the staff is top notch . The hotel is small enough that the staff know you by name , do n't hesitate to meet your needs and even seem to anticipate your desires . They were very attentive and even one of our girls who is very shy felt comfortable at this hotel and with the staff . She gave the greatest compliment - she said when she returns to Paris on her own , she will stay here ! The staff assisted us in securing taxis , tickets and transportation to / from a show , and transportation to the train station . Everything they set us up with was perfect ! Even before we arrived at the hotel , we had a special request to hold invitations to a special fashion show ( could only be mailed to a Paris address ) and they did n't hesitate to accommodate us . When we walked in and announced who we were , they immediately presented the mail for us - we did n't even have to ask . I just ca n't say enough positive things about this staff . The hotel is well maintained even though the elevator was out of commission for a short period of time one afternoon , they immediately had someone working on it and it was fixed . Location location location - GREAT as others have said . I agree with my daughter , when I return to Paris , this is where I will stay !
Enjoyed this hotel ! We are just back from staying at this hotel for three nights . We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Elysees Regencia . The hotel is tastefully decorated and has very modern decor . The rooms are small but have everything you need and are impecably decorated . The rooms are very clean and well stocked with towels , toiletries , slippers and bathrobes . Upon arrival the staff were very welcoming and spoke very good english . They were very helpful throughout our stay offering advice and even providing print out maps with directions . The breakfast was lovely - however we felt perhaps a bit pricey at 18 per head . Having said that - we would highly recommend staying at this hotel - clean , modern , great location and wonderful staff .
Great little place - a bit overpriced . This place is a really nicely fitted out hotel . Its small but not too small . The bed was super comfy and the guys at the front desk were pretty helpful too . Great location in a neighbourhood with all the necessary shops . There 's a laundrette right across the road too which was handy . The only problem we had was that we booked the 5th floor with Eiffel tower views and when we arrived , they 'd given it to someone else . The view was n't quite so good in the room we were given - looked straight onto other windows and walls . It 'd be worth phoning to confirm your room if you book the tower view room . Other than that , the hotel was just what we needed .
Great location , but small rooms , even the suites . Beautiful hotel at excellent location near the louvre and Tuillerien ( metro , exit Tuillerien ) We stayed in suite 603 with our daughter of 13 . She slept on the couch . Rooms are beautiful decorated , clean and well equiped . Room 603 has two tiny tiny bathrooms , 2 washbins , a toilet , small bath , shower . There was not enough pressure on the shower . . . The airco was working very well , freezing cold ! The suite has two sony flatscreens with a sony stick port , handy ! Breakfast is not cheap ( 29 euros pp ! ! ) but very very good . There is also a nice small swimming pool and a well equipped gym and sauna / steaming room . Staff was very helpfull and polite .
not really kid friendly . we booked two rooms for a family holiday with our two young children . rooms are clean and quaint , location is good , but a few problems we encountered : no mini fridges in the rooms . not sure if this is common all over paris , but for the price , we were a bit surprised at this . as last reviewer mentioned , they were STINGY . apart from the breakfast , which he mentioned , we had two rooms in total , paying over $ 1600 on our accomodation in total and we got one bottle of Evian water on the first day each per room - it was never replenished . they also do not provide shampoo at the hotel either , only bath gel . its pretty rough on the hair ! Stingy is okay when you are paying stingy for the rooms , but here not ! and lastly , service incident to end our trip left a sour taste - we had already checked out and were killing time in the very parlour downstairs . i asked the receptionist if she could help warm up my kids milk for us . 15 min later , i knew the milk would be too hot for the kids to drink , so asked two different people to bring out the milk - no response - 5 people milling around reception , everyone seems too busy to bother with our milk . another 5 minutes later and the milk comes out , and as predicted too hot to even hold . lady said ca va ? and i replied that it was too hot , she says in french , well , you 'll just have to leave it out and wait then . . . turned on her heels and stormed off , clearly annoyed and not interested in helping me anymore to get my kids their milk . nice touch . all maybe normal for paris , but for the price , not exactly impressive . . . its redeeming quality is that there are two ( and only two ! ) very very friendly and helpful staff at the hotel - too bad not everyone there is . . .
Good value but you get what you pay for . My wife and I did a 2 week of tour of Europe with stops in London , Rome , Florence , Venice and finally Paris . After reading the reviews here , we decided to book 3 nights at this hotel . Here are the pluses and minuses : Pluses - Good rate for Paris ( 92Euro / night ) ; close to metro stops ( we got around most part of Paris either by hopping on the # 7 at Place Monge station down the street or # 10 at Cardinal Lemoine up the street ) ; plenty of bakeries , restaurants , and groceries stores around ; relatively safe part of town ; friendly staff ; clean room and good housekeeping service . Minuses - Room , elevator , bathroom , shower stall , and even tv were very small ( granted we only slept in the room at night but it 's a bit trying to have to climb over your suitcase to get from one side of the room to the other . Definitely not for the claustrophobic ) . Old and musty smelling towels ; air unit did n't work ; you have to turn your key in to the front desk when you go out and retrieve it when you come back ( a hassle if you need to go in and out frequently ) ; very thin walls and door ( we could plainly hear all our neighbors in the hallway and in adjacent rooms . Bring your earplugs if you 're a light sleeper like me ) ; inexplicable phone charges ( we were told that it costs . 50 Euro for 5 min local calls . We placed 3 brief local calls for a total of about 5 minutes and were charged 5 . 20Euro . We were late for our flight so did not dispute ) . Overall , this hotel , with the exception of the one we stayed at in London , was the worse one during our travel . Granted we had to pay more for the better ones . I would look around for a better one before staying here again .
It 'll be great when it 's finished ! We stayed here for one night at the end of March due to a mix up with our booking at the Eiffel Seine Hotel . We were most impressed by the quality of the decoration and fittings in our room - the large comfortable bed , the flat screen TV with internet access and the Versace bathroom . Loved the designer cups in the cosy breakfast room . The refurbishment looks to be almost complete as the reception area was being painted whilst we were there . Highly recommended .
Awesome Visit ! What a wonderful boutique Paris find ! Hotel is in a great location , near the Tour Eiffel , and Dome Church , close to Metro , and within walking distance of Arc de Triumph and more ! Arnaud was very helpful , and gave us great recommendations on restaurants in the area . If you are looking for a personal , quaint , friendly , clean , quiet , restful haven from the hustle and bustle of Paris , Hotel de Londres Eiffel is for you . We were recommended this hotel by a friend who has stayed there twice , and we were very happy . Remember , you are not in the states , rooms are small , but very clean , and private bathrooms with elevator . We will definately go back and stay ! Thank you Arnaud for making our trip easy and a welcome sanctuary after a busy day sightseeing ! We loved every minute . Julienne - Orange County , CA , USA
OK But Very Noisy . Overall , an average hotel . Room and bathroom quite small but very clean . My main complaint is the same as mentioned in the previous review . The comparison to Times Square is very appropriate . The area is very touristy , busy and noisy . The street noise lasts well into the morning hours and the double windows do n't keep it out of the front rooms . If you 're an average to light sleeper , bring earplugs or make sure you get a back room ( although not sure even that will do the trick ) . Although the price is right for Paris , next time I 'll return to a quieter area .
they want payment in full , before we go ! My boyfriend and I decided on the Hotel des Grands Hommes for our trip to Paris this fall , because of all the great reviews . We contacted through email and by phone , booked our room , paid the deposit and then received an email from them asking us to pay in full for the week that we 'll be there ! Needless to say we wo n't be staying there .
Do not stay at the Brighton ! ! ! My husband and I , and my family , stayed in the Brighton Hotel after reading all the fantastic reviews on tripadvisor . com . I can honestly say I am baffled by this hotels high scores and glowing reviews . We stayed there for 5 nights and were extremely upset arriving at this dump of a hotel . Lift was tiny and totally out of the way . We walked down three long corridors to get to our room ( on the other side of the hotel ) , all of which had the carpet literally peeling away with boards exposed , which felt like walking through an old haunted mansion the boards wobbled so much . We thought we were going to fall through to the level below ! The staff , apart from one man ( I assume was the boss ) were pathetic . Especially at night . One red headed man was so rude and useless we were furious with him the entire time we were there . I 've never come across a less helpful and totally rude receptionist . He was useless . The location was handy , but not good . VERY noisy . Do n't stay here if you have a car . We were told by the useless receptionist there was parking just around the corner - we ended up parking about 4 blocks away . I could go on with the examples . The whole stay was just awful . Over all I would most definitely NOT recommend this hotel . It was the worst one I have stayed in in all of Europe . Unless they have gutted it it should have been pulled down long ago ( and my families room was just as bad , so it was n't only our floor or our room ) . If you 're happy to use the public transport in Paris ( which is easy ) then I would stay at Les J ' ardins D ' Eiffel ( unsure of spelling ) . I stayed there a few years ago . It 's a lovely hotel , lovely staff ( who also speak English and are handy with directions and suggestions ) , view of Eiffel Tower from the breakfast room and some bedrooms and delicious breakfasts , great splendid location down a little Parisian alley way a short walk from the Seine and Eiffel Tower .
Excellent ! The Hotel was brilliant ! We had excellent service all thanks to the people [ receptionist , porters , maids etc ] . Everyone was very helpful and polite , who also all spoke english which was very useful to us as our french is not the best . Our room was very nice and immaculate , [ cleaned and tidied after we came back from our days out also ] . The Hotel in my opinion is worthy of more than 3 stars . The location of Hotel de Varenne was spot on too , we did not bother using the metro / buses etc as all the sights were within walking distance . We will definitley be staying here again when we next vist Paris .
Business hotel in the middle of nowhere . I 've stayed in this hotel twice - in June 2006 and now , in January for business matter and it is definately not for tourists . It is a large business hotel with lot of people and always very crowded . But the rooms have nice art deco feeling and are really big ( what is rare in Paris ) and the staff in concierge and reception desk is friendly and nice . The service at the breakfast was horrible - slow and unpolite . Breakfast itself was quite generous with lots of juices , hot and cold dishes , fish , cheese , pancakes - you name it ! I also liked the Purple bar which is also popular among locals . Bathroom was very small and has CrabtreeEvelyn amenities . When I first time stayed in Hilton Arc de Triomphe , I also had some problems with the room service - they did n't clean the room and they forgot turndown service . Overall - if You do n't mind to move around by taxi ( it costs 7 - 8 euros to Louvre area for example and 47 euros to airport ) and You do n't mind , that the hotel is overcrowded and noisy , then go for it ! But if You prefer more personal touch and intimate feeling and historical atmosphere and to be close to the lively city center , then it is definately not for You .
Excellent hotel . View from the dorr
Great location and value . This hotel is a great value and the location ca n't be beat . Right by the Louvre and the Tulleries as well as easy Metro access . Our room faced a side street so there was very little noise . Bathroom was large as well , which is rather rare . We plan to stay there next time we are in Paris .
Not all we hoped for . The Varenne was indeed clean , lovely and in a good location . However our room ( a standard double for 120 euros a night ) was small even by Paris standards and the bed was sub - standard . There was no hot water one morning and the breakfast was poor . After 8 trips to Paris I did n't think you could find a bad croissant , but the croissant and baguette I was served seemed as if they had been reheated after being frozen . And there are two excellent bakeries within a block ! On the plus side , the air conditioning was quiet and effective , which can make a tremendous difference in the summer . The staff were polite and helpful . However , there are better deals to be had in Paris and we will probably not return .
Good location . Good hotel in a good location . Only a short walk to Notre Dame . Rooms were big and clean . Central and quiet is a lovely combination . The breakfast was expensive and not very interesting - and it was served in the basement - without windows . . .
Good hotel if you are deaf . Recently restored hotel . Very nice decorated room , bed is comfortable and bathroom is convenient . The major problem of this hotel is the thin wall between each room . My husband and I heard all the conversation of our neighbor . . . Also do ask for a room facing the interior yard . . . since traffic is terrible in Paris . Also , do not trust the Concierge when booking an early taxi for the airport . . . Even with 1 day advance booking , our ' booked taxi ' ( a taxi booked through hotel in the early morning for the airport is usually a friend of one of the concierge staff . . . ) never arrived . After 15 min , we took another one .
Bugs . . . . ugh . While this hotel is ideally situated , and have a reasonable staff . There is a wide disparity between the newer and older rooms . I was placed in an older room that did not have working cable television , adequate heating , and had a shabby old worn out feel to it . The worst part was when I arrived after a long day in PAris , and was told mt things were moved , because of little bugs . Well , as a result of whatever was in that hotel , I have been covered in very iitchy lesions all over my body . For my discomfort , I was given a newer room in the back rather than the room with the view I had before , free beakfasts , and a discount ( which I asked for ) . The discount they gave me amounted to 1 / 20th of my hotel stay , and was done with very little grace . I couldnt leave the hotel because I was there with a large group , so their poor treatment was even more pronounced . SCabies really really itch , and are a pain to get rid of . Be careful at this hotel .
A delightful stay at the Hotel de Varenne . A quaint little hotel , very well located . The staff were friendly and attentive . The room was quite large , and the hotel readily supplied a spare cot for our 4 year old . We would definitely stay there again .
charming . Charming boutique hotel on the south bank walking distance away from main tourist areas but far enough to feel homely . A number of local shops chemist , grocer etc cafes / restaurants on the doorstep including a cash till . Lovely hotel it is recently refurbished and fresh . I stayed in a standard room with shower - shower was great which is always a big relief in europe . Continental breakfast was included , its basic but generous and we love french breads . A la carte is also available and its well priced . The management and staff are friendly and their english is very good they made great recommendations for eating out and also booked taxis etc . This hotel will be our regular when visiting Paris .
not sure why so expensive . Nice and clean and perfectly located close to Eiffel Tower . Room was quite small with no tea / coffee making fascilities . The front desk were n't the most helpful . We borrowed an iron one day , but they did n't give us an ironing board . The next day they said they did n't have an iron , but eventually lent it to us anyway with a long lecture of all the problems they 'd had with other guest burning the carpets and curtains . Could n't help thinking it was due to them not giving out the ironing board with the iron in the first place . All in all much too expensive for what you get , but great location , although we tried figuring out if there really was any of their rooms with a view of the Eiffel Tower , and we do n't think so , unless you have a very long neck or can look around corners .
Good but . . I have some mixed feeling about this hotel . My expectation might have been a little bit high because of the good comments about this hotel . It seems the hotel has just downgraded from 3 star to 2 Star . We paid 97 EUR per night . The room is definitely much cleaner than a normal 2 star hotel and very quiet , but also very small and basic . The TV channels include BBC and MSNBC . The internet was out of order for the first several days , which might have been a blessing if you are in Paris . The location is excellent , close to Latin Quater ( Patheon , Luxembourg Garden and many other churches ) . The owner was very helpful . We did not take the breakfast , which is 6.50 EUR and probably worth of the money since the pastry is cheaper outside but with coffee you would endup with this amount or more . There are four pastry shops and 2 Chinese resterants ( take - out type ) within 2 blocks . One can take sub lines 7 or 10 to get the hotel . Do I want to come back ? I might try to find some thing fancier but this hotel is definitely an excellent fall - back option .
Very good hotel but the marketing is skewed . This is a very good hotel . It 's a modern , recently designed and built establishment in an excellent , central location . You 're within 10 minutes ' walk of the Louvre and just 15 minutes of the Opera . From that point of view it could hardly be bettered . The service is second to none and the breakfasts are very good . I think breakfast is probably very expensive even by Paris standards , so if you want to save money , you should know that within a few minutes ' walk of the hotel there are some very pleasant cafes on the Rue de Rivoli . I booked on the internet and upgraded my booking because I wanted to give my wife a treat . I have to say that I was disappointed on several counts : 1. When I arrived the staff appeared unaware of the upgrade or what it entailed ; 2 . The upgrade was supposed to give me a bottle of champagne on arrival , but it was not to be had until asked for ; 3 . The room was small . I think this was the biggest disappointment . If they offer an upgrade for couples I think that the room ought to be a priority - but it was so small that my wife and I had to negotiate verbally before getting out of the bed because there was so little room . The bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom . Furthermore , I 'm not pleased that the first thing they said to me when I checked in was that I could upgrade my room for 80 euros . Well , if you 've already upgraded your booking , why should you have to upgrade again if you want a decent - sized room ? So on balance , this is a very good hotel , but their marketing is , I think , annoyingly skewed . Either you upgrade , and you upgrade properly , getting a decent room , or you don ' t . It 's as simple as that . But to have several layers of upgrade , none of them understood by the staff , seems to me crazy .
The Perfect Hotel in Paris . The lights at night are amazing !
Good Location . Saw some of the bad reviews on Trip adviser , but was pressed for time and Le Walt was one of few with available rooms - so took a chance . Got a superior room , but I think it was really meant for disabled people because the bedroom itself was small but the bathroom very large ( for the turning radius of a wheelchair ) and it was ground floor . However , it was comfortable and quiet . The breakfast at the Le Walt was very good . The best thing about this place is the location - right off a major metro station and could walk to the Rue Cler district so highly acclaimed by Rick Steves ( it is actually pretty nice ) . I found the staff at the Le Walt very professional and pleasant . It is a boutique hotel and has that feel . A mix of nationalities staying here : American , Brits , Chinese , and yes - even French . Bathrooms are modern as shown in photos . There was one bad point - we found a cockroach in the bathroom one night . And on the second night . However , I think this is something the smaller hotels are constantly battling in any big city at certain points in time : too close to adjacent restaurants and food . Thus I give them 3 points ( neutral / average ) instead of Above average .
nice styng at hotel ares . we have beeen in paris for our vacation in paris we have found this little jewel , the rooms are spacious and very nice . the lobby and the breakfast room are wonderful . is really an adress that we will reccomend to our friends .
nice hotel . mini bar
It 's like staying in Times Square . Lovely lobby , clean rooms and pleasant staff , but . . . this is a very busy area , noisy at night , and the party noise reaches up into the rooms . Not unpleasant , but I 'll choose a quieter spot next time .
terrible hotel . My room was dim in the mezzanine . Stopping the key and the bath was broken . However , they were not mended . There was a day from which the hot water did not come out either . The bath towel used hung to the rack as it was occasionally . It can not be thought very three Ts - star . It never stays at this hotel .
Eh . So - so . I 'm sort of surprised at the rave reviews . While I do n't have any major complaints about the St . Anne , I have to say I was far from impressed . True , the location is great - - right near Pyramides metro stop and within wakling distance to most stuff you want to see . And , heck , you walk a lot in Paris , so location is important . But it 's very European . And , lets me honest , that 's not always a fabulous thing , right ? OK , so it had an attached bathroom . But no curtain and the shower head you had to hold over your head . Now I know why so many women do n't shave . It 's too freaking hard when you 're balancing a shower head , razor and tiny soap . The rooms are very small , which is OK by me . But the AC was broken and we had to keep the windows open . Which would also be OK but it 's a very loud street ( even if it looks calm , the noise reverberates a lot . So we slept with earplugs in . And you think that you do n't spend time in your hotel room - - after all , you 're in Paris , right ? But we walked proably 12 - 15 miles a day . ( And we 're big hikers in CA ) and it 's exhausting . And you 're drinking wine , so you get tired and naps are nice in the late afternoon after most places are closed and you 're waiting for dinnertime . And all that 's fine . But if the main woman is n't at the front desk , forget about helpful dinner directions . And breakfast is OK , even though you have to walk by the maid 's closet on the way to the basement where it 's served . In the end , it was OK . I think you could probably find nicer places for the price if you really tried .
Pity about the great reviews ! Chose this hotel because of all the wonderful reviews on Tripadvisor and was really excited about another visit to Paris . However , on arrival we were told that our room was unavailable ( sick child - heard it before , must be unlucky ! ) and we would have to go to a hotel across the road . We ended up really lucky in the Relais Bosquet with a superior room which was huge ( unlike the Cadran ) and with free breakfast ( which we did n't have in Cadran ) , and where the service was exemplary . Suspect we were moved because others were prepared to pay more ! Not a good practice and extremely annoying !
Location is A + , everything else is a C . We chose the Hotel Brighton following glowing reviews on Trip Advisor . . . great view , clean etc . . . Well we got to the Hotel and the location IS spot on ; just 2 minutes walk from the Louvre , 2 minutes from Place de la Concorde on Rue de Rivoli and with a super view of the Eiffel Tower ( so I hear . . . ) . We were a bit dissappointed with the room allocated to us . The concierge informed us that we could have a renovated room so we were imagining a bit of luxury . As it turned out our room was small and functional . It had air - con a tv and a minibar , but that was basically it . The bathroom was small but sufficient with an ok size shower . The room was on the E / S floor ( 1st floor ) meaning it was just below the arches of the Rue de Rivoli so no view at all but plenty of road noise . The Hotel Brighton has no restaurant or bar . They do serve petit - dejeuner on a morning for EURO 8 per person .
lovely hotel . Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights , Feb 25th to 29th . did not arrive until after midnight but this was no problem . Reception staff were very helpful and friendly throughout our stay and they all spoke good English . we did not have breakfast at the hotel but there are plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby . Hotel very centrally located right beside the Pantheon . Rooms were small but very comfortable and cleaned every day . No complaints about hotel and would definitely stay here again . One word of warning , be careful of pickpockets , especailly young girls aged 11 or 12 , on the Paris underground . They are very professional and your purse could be gone from your bag in a matter of seconds !
Careful - call them directly . Stayed here for 4 days during our last trip to Paris in Sept because of the great reviews . I reserved through one of the internet websites and about a week later I called to confirm and there was no booking in my name . The website confirmed they had a reservation but the hotel never did receive a confirmation from the website . This is not the first time this has happened to me . The staff were very helpful and after 4 or 5 calls , they gave us a large room with 3 single beds but we had to pay 24Euros extra and there was no AC . It was noisy outside our window which we had to leave open as it was very warm . The location is perfect ( about a block from the louvre ) and you can walk to almost everything or take the river Siene ferrys across the main blvd . Do n't forget , it is Paris and you will not receive the same amenities as you would in a similar hotel in North America . Overall , it was clean and comfortable ( except the AC and noise ) and there were no other problems . However , when I go back , I will probably shop around and try to find a small hotel off the beaten path as there are many in this area .
Horrific Customer Service in a Crisis . Stayed at Du Cadran for three nights in total which were less than adequate ! Our room was miniscule , customer service was inconsistent at best - but the icing on the cake was the morning of departure when our mini safe would n't open and eventually a ' handy man ' came to our room with an angle grinder to retrieve our belongings . During the forty minutes of waiting for our passports and personal items to be rescued I had several extremely unsastisfactory encounters with frontdesk staff who blamed me for my inconvenience ! Our belongings were significantly damaged by the workman 's attempts to cut the minisafe open which the front desk staff refused to recognise and maintain was not their fault . The morning turned into a horrific fiasco during which not one of the hotel staff took responsibility for what transpired , when we asked to talk to someone in charge we were directed to contact the hotel manager who was conveniently unavailable and who the staff would not contact on our behalf . The whole situation denigrated into a very hostile situation which resulted in our nearly missing our plane . I will never return to this hotel and this experience has marred what should have been an otherwise enjoyable holiday .
Fantastic Experience . The view from our balcony
Nice hotel - but try to avoid the rooms to the street . Stay on the executive floor in Dec 2005 was good value for the money given that I had made a reservation for a standard room over a week - end and was upgraded through a HHonors Gold card . When I came back in May 2006 for a business trip , I got a standard room with windows to the street which was quite noisy . Others might be less sensitive to French drivers roaring through the streets at 3 a . m . and people shouting there , but I could not get any sleep throughout the whole night . Frankly speaking , I had spent nights in a discount hotel on the Porte de Montreuil for 35 EUR per night which turned out more comfortable than here at the Hilton Arc de Triomphe . When I asked for another room with windows to the court yard for the following nights , I was given a room which was really fine and quiet . Another drawback is that the hotel is indeed situated relatively remote . As another traveller in this forum has pointed out correctly , Hilton Arc de Triomphe is a bit misleading as a name , in the sense that you will not even be able to see the Arc from the hotel . You rather have to have a 10 minutes walk to arrive there . The next metro station is officially Courcelles , but as far as the walking distances are concerned , it is almost arbitrage - free whether you walk to Charles de Gaulle Etoile on the Champs or to Courcelles - especially given the fact that you are immediately on the RER line when walking to CdG Etoile . 10 minutes walking distance to the next trou de mtro is already at the upper range of what one could expect in central Paris . To sum up , for the relative remoteness and the risk of getting a noisy room , I consider the hotel slightly overpriced . There are hotels of the same standard in this district which appear less remote and noisy and offer standard at a slighly more reasonable price ( Sofitel among others ) . One final adivce for holders of Hilton HHonors Gold VIP cards : Although holders are normally granted complimentary access to the health club and fitness centers at the hotel , the card is not valid for free access to the hotel spa unless you reside on the executive floor .
Would never stay here again . We booked this hotel because of the location ( opposite the Jardine des Tuileries and close to the Champs Elysees ) and also we had read good reviews on Tripadviser . Big mistake . Whilst the location was fabulous , right opposite the Gardens and only about 15 minutes walk to the start of the Champs Elysees , Arc de Tromphe and the shopping area ( Boulevard Haussmann - were all in walking distance ) say we would not recommend this hotel to anyone . Upon arrival no one assisted us with our luggage , the desk clerk was surley and the foyer had no atmosphere at all in fact it was a desk to the right of the dining room . The room was neat and tidy but the furniture was old and not in a good way . The bathroom however , had been remodelled and was quite good . The positive was that we had a balcony and could see the Eiffel Tower from our room . Also double glazing of windows made the noise from the traffice non existant . The safe did not work and was repaired once we advised them . We were not shown how to use the air conditioning and subsequently froze on one ocassion until someone came up and told us how to use it . We did not eat at the hotel as the dining room looked very old and tired . The staff were disinterested and to be honest we could n't wait to get out of there . One other point we bought a 5 euro internet card and then discovered after we had paid our bill that we had been billed for this card when we had paid cash ( our mistake for not checking the bill ) but just another issues . Tip : Dont go across the road to the Tuileries Gardens for lunch , big rip off in cost , or if you do ensure you say exactly what size coke you want we were charged a ridiculous amount of money for lunch which was inedible , however , the sun was shining and the gardens were great . This is a great spot location wise just do n't stay at this hotel , maybe try the Hotel Regina up the road or one of the others . While we were there the Govevenor of California , the Terminator himself was staying a few hotels away - so that made our day seeing him . When I say the Arc de Triomphe , Boulevard Haussman for shopping are within walking distance it means approx 20 - 30 minutes walking in flat shoes .
lune de miel ! Only stayed in Paris once before this , at the Campanile on Boulevard Berthier , so Le Walt was a step up for us as we wanted to treat ourselves this time , with it being our honeymoon . We were very pleasantly surprised . I 'd mailed ahead and told them it was our honeymoon and that we wanted a room with a view of the tower . For some reason ( even though I 'd given our visa card number ) they would only say they would do their best , they did n't guarantee us a tower view . We did actually get room 601 which has a really good view of the tower and was perfect for seeing the fireworks on the 14th ! There are numerous places to eat in the area , there is a supermarket over the road so take your kettle so you can have coffee in your room . There is a Boulanger a few doors up if you decided to buy croissants , baguettes , eclairs etc and the metro is literally right outside . As the breakfast in the hotel was 13 piece for just a continental style buffet breakfast , we thought we 'd head out and see if we could find somewhere cheaper . To be honest , you 'll be hard pressed to find a cheaper breakfast unless you buy croissants yourself from the Boulanger or supermarket ( which we did do ) they are about 77cents each . We brought our own coffee , tea bags and a kettle and we got milk from the supermarket across the road from our hotel . We really did make a good choice of hotels , all the amenities right on the doorstep ! We did eat breakfast in the hotel on the last day though for convenience and it was very good ; fruit juice , coffee , cake , rolls , croissants , pain au chocolat , cereals , cold meats and cheeses ( as much as you like , buffet style ) . That would fill you up til dinner time to be honest . So , again , you decide really . The room was beautifully decorated and immaculate with a big bath and a shower and clean towels every day . The staff are friendly and helpful . The room next door seemed to enjoy scraping their furniture across the floor ( wooden floors ) in the early hours , which was a bit annoying and we could even hear them walking around and lifting their loo seat so the soundproofing btwn rooms is not very good . The hotel is on a busy road so there is some traffic noise but that 's the price you pay to be in a prime location I suppose . It 's not too bad though . My only criticism would be that they did n't mention our honeymoon or congratulate us when we got there , a token gift or a card in the room would have made our stay a 10 out of 10 . Just that little personal touch would have made such a difference . As it is , I 'll give them a 9 out of 10 and would consider staying here again . A full review of our trip will eventually go on my web site if you want more in depth info , please go here http : / / homepage . ntlworld . com / ian . teeling / but it will take me a few weeks to write it ! :0 )
Ok stay . . . . Stayed here for a week . Contacted the hotel directly and was able to get free breakfast thrown into our package ( normally 10 euros per person ) . The breakfast was just fine w / us - bread , cheese , croissants , cereal , etc . We were very worried because we had heard the hotel would be undergoing renovations at this time , but all that was going on was the top floor was being painted . Room was an ok size - desk , king bed , closet and enough room to put our 2 suitcases . Pros : Quiet , friendly staff , decent breakfast , good proximity to Eiffel Tower and short walk to Ecole Militaire metro stop Cons : Leaky a / ac , leaky sink ( they did fix these problems ) , toilet was running ( even after they though they fixed it ) , bed was hard , only English TV was CNN international ( not that we expected any more than that ) , not really any night time entertainment in this area
The hardest bed in my whole life . My husband and I spent a week in Paris on Jan . 2004 and we 've booked this hotel because of several reasons : 1 . The feedback was positive . 2 . The hotel looks very cozy in the photos . 3 . The location was very convenient . When we got to our room , it was quite small , with quite a few spots on the carpet , but the decoration of the room was welcoming and warm . When we went to bed , after five minutes my whole body started to ache because of the hard bed . It seemed that the floor would be softer . The bed also was short so my husband 's feet were hanging in the air . Well , I almost did n't sleep that night , nor the following two nights . On the third night , someone was smoking in the lobby and all the smoke got into our room and we had to sleep with an open window . This was the last drop and in the morning we mowed to Marriott that had a room twice as big and a huge comfortable bed . What a change ! Although we missed the personality of the Relais Bosquet hotel .
Perfect in Paris ! We stayed at this hotel from 29 Feb - 3 March 2008 - my birthday weekend ! I would love to go back and would definitely recommend it for the ambience , fantastic location , totally amazing staff and all the special treats ! We felt so special having our very own HUGE Suite in the middle of Paris ! How fantastic ! We 've been to Paris before , and were expecting the usual small , cramped rooms at high prices . . . but this is different . From the moment we arrived the staff were all so welcoming , polite and extremely helpful . We were thrilled to be upgraded to the Suite on the ground floor - check out the photos on the hotel website - all true ! Very groovy freestanding bath and vishy shower . Staff had excellent local knowledge for restaurant / cafe recommendations , and easily arranged a somewhat tricky airport transfer on departure . It was my birthday on Sunday - and when we arrived back at the end of the day of sightseeing , our room glowed with tealight candles , champagne on ice , little morsels to eat , chocolates on the pillows and fresh rose petals for the bath . What a wonderful birthday I had in Paris - Merci !
Fantastic Hotel with Great Service . I just returned from Paris on the 12th . I stayed at George V two nights . I enjoyed every minute of my stay . The hotel is located in the 8th arrondisement ( district ) on Avenue George V . It is about a block from the Champs Elysees . My room was a little smaller than I anticipated , but it came with all the accoutrements of a room at a luxury hotel , including a full - size umbrella . That really came in handy since it rained both nights of my stay . There are Bulgari toiletries in the bathroom , a large terry cloth bathrobe and terry cloth slippers . The bed is something else ! ! It 's like sleeping on a cloud . There is a down mattress pad on the bed , and you just sink in it . The pillows are fluffy and comfortable . There is this wonderful smell in the room due to a sachet in the closet . The first night at the hotel you can leave your shoes outside your room and they will shine them , complimentary , and leave them for you before you leave the next morning . They wrap them in tissue paper . It 's such a nice touch . I arrived early and had to wait a few minutes for my room to be ready . I was seated in the dining / lobby area . I was about to put my purse on the floor when a young lady brought over a stool and put my purse on it . I was given complimentary tea and biscuits and a Herald Tribune while I waited . I was allowed to check in early at no extra charge . There is turn down service each night . There were truffles and a bottle of Evian water in my room when I arrived . I ate breakfast there one morning . It was almost 50 euros . I only had crepes , ham , and American coffee . That was a bit too expensive for me . There is an Hediard store next door . Louis Vuitton is a few steps away . There are too many restaurants and shops nearby to mention . I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who does n't mind paying for luxury .
Very lovely hotel . Had a lovely time after deciding upon this hotel for our honeymoon . The staff were lovely , they upgraded our room to overlook the Arc because I emailed them in my poor French . Metro station to the Central Line wonderfully close , beautiful views . It was noisy though in the mornings with a lot of doors banging shut and cleaning going on , but hey we did n't care - we were on honeymoon ! Just one thing - if you have long hair like me you might want to bring a hairdryer as the one in our bathroom was very weak and the handle heated up after using it a while . All in all we will be back there .
Not good value . We have just returned from three days at the Disneyland Hotel . I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and decided to stay based on their recommendations . However we were very disappointed in a number of ways . We paid around 400 per night for our whole family ( three young children ) , bed and breakfast - maybe it sounds like good value to some , but this was for one room . There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room , so you have to go downstairs for a very expensive cup of coffee , or order from room service again , even more expensive . There is no mini bar fridge in the room , so if you want to keep a baby 's bottle chilled , or cool mineral water etc , you can not . Both of these measures seem designed to ensure that guests have to buy everything from the hotel . The hotel shop does n't sell anything useful for a family such as mineral water or snacks for the park - again ensuring that all money goes to the hotel or park 's restaurants . The hotel restaurants are fine but budget for an extra 60 euros a head for dinner ( less for children ) meaning each time we ate there cost around 200 euros . Over three days you should budget for around an extra 1000 euros just for basic food and drink . So 2000 for one room plus five meals at the hotel ( restaurants in the park are n't much cheaper ) we left astonished at how quickly the costs mount up . We also felt manipulated by Disneyland - every shop sells Disneyland products only . The nearest pharmacy is a train ride away - beware . As we left we found a small supermarket in the railway station next to the hotel - the staff at the hotel wo n't tell you about this as it might mean you dare to buy a few things at normal prices , such as nappies , or bottled water or small snacks for the children . Although our children enjoyed Disneyland we felt used , abused and thoroughly fleeced by the hotel and the park . Other people we spoke to said the same thing . Think hard before booking this hotel - the room rate might seem ok , but all the extras quickly mount up in this Disneyland monopoly . Having said all this , the staff were very friendly even when it was terribly busy and they deserve a thank you .
romantic . after 5 stays in this hotel and a few stays in other hotels in Paris i know this is the best for the price . Last WE we did not have the best room ( 14 ) but 98  is not so much for this place . We will return ! !
Great Central Location . My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a week at the end of May . We appreciated the proximity to the St Michel metro stop - - we were able to take the RER directly to and from CDG without station changes or long walks . The rooms are small , which is fairly normal in Paris . The windows are double - glazed and block out sound from the Latin Quarter extremely well . They also swing open so you can bring in the street sounds and fresh air when you 'd like . Very clean , nice accommodations . The bathroom was two separate rooms - - one for the toilet and one for the sink and shower . There was no bidet . The shower was fantastic , good pressure , roomy . The front desk staff were always very pleasant . They were quite crisp on occasion but we do not need much help and did not mind at all .
High expectations ; serious disappointment . After much research ( Trip Advisor every other source we could find ) we were thrilled to be able to book three nights for our family of four at the Hotel Langlois . The chance to stay at the # 4 rated hotel in all of Paris for a very reasonable price seemed like a wonderful opportunity . We were assigned to the attic apartment where we found our room to be nothing close to the photos and / or room descriptions on the internet . The Hotel Langlois website speaks of Ecole de Nancy furniture crafted mahogany and sycamore headboards . . . Our double bed was a portable bed w / no headboard , sitting about 6 inches off the ground . I do n't believe Ecole de Nancy furniture includes the wicker and particle board pieces in our room . Paint was peeling off the walls in several places . The space had great potential . - It was good - sized ( the reason they told us we were placed there ) . There was a small kitchen . The bathroom was nice . And there was an incredible view of Sacre - Coeur . But it was as though the room was an afterthought . - A place for families when everything else was occupied . Certainly not representative of what I would expect from the # 4 hotel in Paris . I would suggest that Hotel Langlois paint furnish the attic so that it measures up to the rest of their facility . A little work and a small investment would make that space a highlight of a Paris vacation instead of a source of disgust and disappointment .
disappointed with Hotel D ' Albe . Shabby , small room , very badly in need of re - decoration , corridors also shabby and very tight . Wafer thin walls between bedrooms - very noisy . Reception area very limited . Have stayed in Paris hotels at half the price for twice the value . Great vibrant location v . near Notre Dame . Will never return ! !
Not bad , good value . I stayed here with my wife over a weekend and overall I was pleased . On the plus side the hotel is in a great location . It 's close to the RER , Saint Lazare line ( just down the street ) and it 's right around the corner from the Metro 12 line , Trinity station . There are some cafe 's around the place to buy a cheap ( relatively speaking ) breakfast and it 's in a good , quiet area . I like the decor and the rooms and bathrooms were adequate in size . On the negative side , I 'd have to say that I was disappointed with thickness of the walls and floors . I could hear people walking around upstairs , conversations in other rooms and out in the hallways as well as running water in the bathroom beside us . They cleaned our rooms every day but they did n't replace the towels which in the end is n't so bad but may bother others . Overall , I think I 'd stay here again . I thought the price was reasonable at 96 euro per night .
Great location . The hotel 's website annoyed me because the headline rate only applied to the first night , with subsequent nights going up in price . It also had a ' bargain basement ' feel about it . In fact , if it were not that our friends had already booked into the hotel , I would have gone elsewhere . Therefore , when we arrived , we were pleasantly surprised to find a much more upmarket establishment than the website suggested . The room and ensuite bathroom were both fine and well - appointed . Our only complaint was that , even though the heating was off , it was terribly hot . Our friends found the same in their room . The staff were friendly , helpful and spoke good English . The location is excellent ( the Latin Quarter ) with good cafes nearby and good transport links .
Let the magic begin . . We have just returned from five magical days in Disneyland Paris . We travelled with three children age two , five and six . From the moment we arrived we had five star service . . the star are so accommodating and friendly , true service with a smile . We had two interconnecting rooms located in one of the turrets of the pink palace . our rooms where spotless , and we had bed turndown service at night . Breakfast is fit for a king , well presented and great choice and also the added benefit of meeting the characters one to one . Dinner for the children is expensive for what is on offer you are better going to Disney Village . The park was decorated for Christmas , and it was just awesome , walking down Main Street USA with the Christmas carols being sung and the snow coming down ( virtual snow . . it is Disney after all ) had me almost crying , my childrens eyes where out on sticks in awe of it all . . . It is the place where fairytales begin .
Expensive , ordinary service . Yes , this is a good location , but the hotel itself is nothing special , and , in my view , overpriced for what you get . The staff were not particularly helpful , and the room , while clean , was pretty small , with ridiculously small storage space , no tea or coffee making facilities , not even any shampoo provided ( and there was a HIDEOUS painting on the wall ) ! The breakfast was , at best , mediocre , and we suffered from a ridiculous rule of only one key per room - when I inadvertently went out with the key , my wife was unable to leave the room until I returned because they refused access to another key if she left . The room was also far too cold , and the heating system was inoperative when we wanted to warm it up . For 185 euros a night ( including their requirement for a full night 's tariff when we arrived at 7 . 30 am ) , it 's just not good value for mine .
Good Value , Great Location , Average Hotel . Overall We were somewhat disappointed with the Royal Magda . I have to be honest . . . when I read all of the wonderful reviews , I thought this would be one of the best hotels in Europe . Having stayed there , it is a great value , but nothing to write home about . I 'm still scratching my head that the Royal Magda won a Traveler 's Choice award . Rooms : We switched rooms midway through the stay , to get a higher , quieter room . The street noise from the first floor is definitely noticeable , and the hotel is very old - you will know exactly when the folks above you are up and about . The rooms were small , as we expected , and there was a very heavy smell of smoke . ( Not a big surprise in Paris ) The bathroom was very clean , yet the shower had a door that only extended 1 / 2 way , so the bathroom kept getting soaked . Not a big deal , just not expected in such a highly rated hotel . Location : Fantastic . Two blocks from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile station , on the metro . A stone 's throw from the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe . This was the best feature of the hotel , in our opinion . Customer Service : Johan and Flor were very friendly and accommodating . The night desk clerk was somewhat pushy and unfriendly . We wanted directions to a laundrette , and all he 'd tell us was how to use their ( expensive ) cleaning service . Extras : We opted out of the 12 euro / day breakfast , as there were way to many brasseries in the local area . The lift was small , but worked great when lugging us up to the fifth floor . Oh , and the TV carried two English stations : BBC and CNN . It would 've been great to have a non - news English station , for winding down at bedtime . Finally , I noticed in many of the other reviews for the Royal Magda , the reviewers had been given a free upgrade to a Junior Suite . I 'm almost curious if this did n't skew the reviews , slightly . We were n't upgraded , so maybe our experience was a bit different than others . I 'd recommend the Royal Magda for budget travelers looking for a clean hotel for a good price . I just ca n't give this hotel the rave reviews that everyone else has . It was n't one of the best hotel experiences we 've had .
Perfect location . Nice Hotel . We stayed for 5 nights . The service was excellent , friendly and helpful staff . It 's not the last time we stay at this hotel . Perfect location , near the Metro ( We did n't use the Metro at all , we did n't have to . , ) walking distance to a lot of Tourist attractions . Nice and clean rooms . We can only say nice things .
Enjoyed the Le Walt . brief report , but the hotel was very nice , up to date rooms on the typical smaller side . A smaller hotel with great service . Stayed on the 3rd floor I think and if you really worked at it you might hear the metro beneath . Several nice bistros in the area ; very nice local market street in the area . Convenient to metro and the eiffel excellent value for the money
Highly recommend - Friendly . We had three rooms and they were spotlessly clean and confortable . The staff was very friendly and Julie the Proprietor was so wonderful to us ( 3 women ) . Location is great , close to metro , also street market on Rue Mouffetard . Great air conditioning ! We stayed 5 nights then went to the south of France and came back to the hotel for one night before leaving for the States . Ca n't wait to come back with my husband !
Good Location , But poor accomodation . The best thing about this hotel is it 's location . It is within 5 mins walk of the metro and easy walking distance to all the tourist sites . The staff were very friendly and did their best to help us . However the non - smoking room we asked for smelt of stale tabacco . The rooms were very small but i think this is the norm in Paris . The mattress had sunk in the middle but this was repaired the following day . The bedding and towels were stained and on our last night / morning there was no hot water , so we couldnt have a shower ! ! It was ok for the 3 nights we were there but would not stay here again .
leaves alot to be desired . 6 of us stayed there late Oct . 2006 . 2 of us were in a room on the first floor near the kitchen . Noisy and no ventilation . Staff misled us that the air conditioning would be fixed and it was not ; we were finally told on the last full day that they were transitioning to heat so no a/c would be on . The vent / fan did not work in our room . Lift was out the first day for 2 of our group that travelled early . Small rooms ; showers small , not very functional . Manager was angry at us for asking about the ventilation issue . Had to argue about a price adjustment for 4 uncomfortable nights . Not close to a metro station but close to Eiffel Tower . Nor were there lots of good restaurants around but breakfast places were good . Nothing was cheap .
The Most Friendly Hotel in Paris . Booked 2 rooms via this hotels own website for a long weekend break , I had been to Paris twice before and had not been very pleased with the Hotels chosen , so this time I read a lot of reviews on Trip Advisor and selected Hotel Residence Foch because of its high rating . We were not dissapointed , in fact we were delighted with the very cheerfull and helpfull staff who made our stay a most enjoyable one . The facilities are great and the rooms although quite small are very well furnished with very good quality linen , ironing board and iron , hairdryer , lcd tv , mini bar , room safe and tea / coffee making facilities . The Bathroom was large and bright , well supplied with shampoo , soap etc and also lovely towels . Next time we will book the larger rooms which cost about an extra 20euros per night but after seeing them it would be well worth it . ( Room numbers ending in 20 are the larger ones ) . It is in a good location for the metro and also in a very quite district , so if you want a good nights sleep this would be a great choice . Thank you Trip Advisor and Hotel Residence Foch
Noisy if on lower levels . We paid for a deluxe room but all rooms are deluxe to my knowledge . The other ( superior ) cheaper room is in the outside courtyard and is quite dark . Staff were totally policy driven . We could n't sleep due to noise from down stairs and on complaining they lied by saying they had no other rooms left then eventually that we could move higher but would need to pay more . Our room looked like a disabled room with chips in the plaster . Staff chant bonjour with the most insincere smile you could imagine and were quite patronising . Our only experience with this attitude in Paris was unfortunately from this hotel . On the positive - the location was great . Recommend dont getting a cheap deal over the net as they will make you feel like you are not worthy of being there . All staff are very young and obviously inexperienced .
Well Located Langlois . Very good location for shopping , tourist attractions and transport links , be sure to get a room at the very top of the house as the rest are noisy ( we had 4 rooms between our party all over the building ) . By Paris standards it is value for money , the rooms were a good size with decent bathrooms and were nice and clean . Breakfast is good but you can do as well in the cafe 's locally for less money .
beautiful setting . stayed here for 2 nights in april . hotel was lovely . nice friendly front desk . stayed in room 12 over looking the pantheon . bathroom clean and spacious . sofa area in bedroom and bed large and comfortable . enough storage . down side was at night you could hear traffic noise over the cobbles outside and in the early morning you are woken by the sound of road sweepers ! ! ! but this aside i would stay here again . beautiful decor . did n't have breakfast as we were out and about early . plenty of cafes , bars and restaurants nearby . we went to the moulin rouge which was a good experience , went down very well with my husband ! ! ! book before you go . metro excellent way to travel as taxis can be slow and expensive . all in all lovely stay made more special by this lovely hotel .
Charming hotel in a great neighborhood ! I stayed at this lovely hotel for four nights with my husband and nine - year old twin daughters . I booked one of the apartments , which turned out to be comfortable and perfect for us . It was not spacious like an American apartment , but by European standards , it had plenty of room . There is so much to like about this hotel , I hardly know where to start . The front desk staff was friendly and helpful and never too busy for our questions . Everyone we dealt with spoke English very well so we did not have to resort to our fractured French . The neighborhood this hotel sits in is charming and quintessential left - bank . Right around the corner , about a five minute walk away , is a wonderful boulangerie , cheese shop , green grocer , wine shop and bistro . And about twice a week , there is a farmer 's market here where you can buy everything from fresh fish and foie gras to table linens and jewelry . The metro station and lots of other shops are located here as well . You can easily walk to Notre Dame or the Pantheon from this hotel . Both are about a ten minute walk . The other big benefit of the location of this hotel is the street it sits on . It 's a cul - de - sac with a small park on one side , so it is much quieter than you would expect from a big city hotel . I think the only weakness of this hotel is the breakfast it offers . The dining room is painfully small and the menu is very limited . Although , to be fair , they will bring your breakfast up to your room for no extra charge . But given the fact that there are so many other options for breakfast in the neighborhood , this was not a big deal for us . Overall , we had a very positive experience staying here and would not hesitate to stay here again .
Watch out for the Bait and Switch . We booked the Le Walt through Expedia after extensive research . The location seemed ideal , with the Rue Cler around the corner and the Metro right outside the door . We arrived to be told that the previous occupants of our room trashed it and that the painters had to be called in . I had read reviews of other hotels doing this , but was still somehow not prepared for it . We were told that we now had a reservation at their sister hotel , which according to the young woman behind the counter was just 50 meters from the Le Walt . I might not be an MIT professor , but the Marquis Hotel is much farther than 50 meters . While the quality of Le Marquis was fine , it was not what I had booked . When we arrived at Le Marquis - not nearly as charming or well - situated an area , there was another group of people checking in that had been bumped as well . That must have been some party at the Le Walt . I will not book at this hotel when I return to Paris .
Perfect Paris . This hotel was fantastic . I went in August and booked online so I got a superior room for half the usual price . I had room 45 which has an amazing view of the eiffel tower . I booked this hotel because of the good ratings on this site . I was not disappointed at all . The receptionists were really wonderful with perfect english . They were more than willing to help people figure out the metro or anything else . One found a really cheap eurostar ticket back to london for me . I was travelling this part of my trip alone and I felt that the hotel was in a really safe upscale part of town . It was quiet , especially in August as little retailers take their vacation , but I was able to walk to the Latin quarter easily . The closest metro is about 2 blocks . The hotel itself was really cute with a nice decor . Air conditioning was great and the room sizes were more than adequate . I really have nothing negative to say about this hotel and recommend it to anyone except maybe a group of young people looking to party .
Surprised by all the great reviews . We stayed at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel in late May 2006 . Our room was on the main floor , and the doorway to the dining area was immediately adjacent to our room . This door banged shut all evening long and then started up again in the morning when the dining area opened up . Our only encounter with the management / staff / owners was when we asked if we could possibly change rooms - we were told NON . No help whatsoever . We noticed that the owners ( ? ) seemed very friendly with all the American guests - however being non - American - we also seemed to be ' persona non grata ' . In fact - we could n't say if they were the owners or not - because they simply ignored us completely . I would have thought it was us - but some other non - American guests commented on the same thing and said that since the hotel is listed in Rick Steve 's books - the owners are definitely catering to Americans . We were on a round the world tour and this was the only time we ever felt anything less than welcome anywhere . Despite this - we loved our stay in beautiful Paris and loved the location of this hotel .
greatly overated hotel . view from the room
Birthday trip from heaven . I took my boyfriend to Paris as a birthday surprise mid march 2007 and booked the Magda due to the great reviews I 'd seen on here . WhenI called I mentioned that it was a special occasion and was overjoyed when we checked in to find we had been upgraded free of charge to the best suite in the hotel . Our time in Paris would have not been half as amazing had it not been for the marvellous service we received in the hotel . Johan was beyond helpful and got us a table in a wonderful restaurant overlooking the Seineand Eiffel Tower , when we stepped out of the taxi Johan had called for us we were beneath the Eiffel Tower that was sparkling with lights and lasers , it truly took our breath away and we would never have known to go here or been able to get a table ourselves . Johan offered to get tickets for a show but we did n't have long in Paris and they were quite expensive so we decided to leave it for another time . The room was clean , spacious and comfortable . This is n't a super trendy stylish hotel but it 's was perfect for our intimate weekend away . Breakfast was lovely , not a bacon and eggs type affair but most importantly for me good quality coffee served in nice pots and a selection of cheeses , pastries , cereal and dried fruit / yogurt . We only ate breakfast in the hotel but when we came home from our meal we had cocktails in the bar with snacks and talked to the lovely night concierge who made our drinks and was really friendly and interesting . Much to our embarassment and inspite of the fact I studied French til A - Level and was once quite good at it we were beyond appauling when it came to speaking French , thankfully we were put to shame by the impeccable English spoken by Johan and his colleague on the night shift and pretty much every person we came into contact with . Nobody lived up to the snooty Parisian stereotype we were so hoping not to encounter on our first venture over the Channel . The hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and we found the location to be ideal for getting to pretty much everywhere by foot , we only needed transport to and from the airport and for me in my stilettos on our big night out , other than that we walked everywhere . Our return flight was not until late in the evening and we were able to leave our luggage safe all day whilst we saw more of Paris which was a weight off our minds and shoulders . We both agreed that the service we received was without a doubt the best , and most personalised service we have ever received in a hotel . Without Johan 's advice and help we could have ended up having a very different experience so we really do owe the success of our trip to him as he made my partner 's birthday such a memorable one in many ways . Highly recommended ! ! !
Ideal Location for first time in Paris . We stayed in the Albe Hotel for our recent first time trip to Paris . We had about 5 days to explore the city . We are urban dwellers in our early 30 ' s and our trip goal was to experience urban life in Paris while putting 10 , 000 miles on our shoes during our short trip . A friend of a friend that has stayed in Paris multiple times and always stays at the Albe recommended the Albe to me . In general , I think it is the absolute ideal location for our needs . As I stated , this was our first time in Paris and the central location could not be better . I tend to obsessively research hotels before I travel and the location relative to the must see sites in Paris is what attracted me to Albe . The Albe is literally just steps into the left bank south of the Ile de la Cite . We saw all of the sites that we could comfortably see in Paris without ever using a cab . We walked and used the metro ( subway ) for all of our travel . During a random early morning jog I found myself in awe while running through the courtyard in the Louvre at the 7 - minute mark . The hotel is on the corner of 2 small streets with lots of foot traffic and is just a block down from a major city street . The streets below the hotel are filled with some small restaurants with pizza , the ubiquitous gyro wraps , Greek fare , etc . There is a great little place just below the hotel , which has nice croissants , pastries , etc . , for a French style breakfast . The street below is also home field for the local break dancing crews and random singing groups . Because of this , we could hear some classic 80 's breakdancing hits at times during our evening naps . This was mostly nostalgic and entertaining . It was not an actual disturbance for us . The quality of the breakdancing was questionable , but I guess that is for another review . I will try to stay focused here . The hotel decor is modern . The elevator is probably the smallest that I have ever been in , but , like the breakdancers , it was more entertaining than problematic . We stayed in room 640 on the 6th floor . The room was small , but I knew this prior to coming and this was not a problem at all . There is room for the bed , small desk , small wet bar , and TV . There are no drawers , but the closet has shelves for your clothes . The bathroom was adequate size and has a shower with a tub . The hotel staff was always cordial , respectful , and helpful . I would stay here again , if I went back to Paris and wanted an ideally , centrally located , clean place to lay my head in between adventures
Convenient Paris Hotel . We were very pleased with the convenience and service at the Hotel de l ' Abbaye , and would like to revisit the hotel on our next visit to Paris - if we can get in . The room was very reasonably priced for the size and standard of hotel .
Friendly and clean hotel . Hotel room
Left Bank Charm . The D ' Albe hotel was a super way to end our two week vacation to Normandy , for the two nights of September 13th and 14th , 2007 . I picked it because of the great reviews on Trip Advisor and easy to find from the airport where our tour ended . We took the RER from and to the airport and 30 minutes we were in a nice hotel room watching the busy Latin quarter bustle from our window . We had a large room on the first floor with 3 large windows for viewing the streets at night . My husband , who is quite picky , said that our two nights at the D ' Albe were one of the highlights of the trip . With the windows closed it was very peaceful and very quiet . A very special thanks to Cecile and the rest of the friendly staff at the D ' Albe for making our ending to our France trip enjoyable . Tripadvisor member from the state of Nevada
Good location and decent room . We stayed at Hotel Langlois for 4 nights ( 18 - 22 Nov ) and had room 62 . The room was very clean and charming . Having said that we did experience not having enough hot water in the morning for showers and the room was not soundproof . We could hear all kinds of noises ( i . e . elevator door opening / closing , footsteps in hallway , flushing of toilets , etc . . ) that prevented us from getting a good night sleep except on the last night when there were not alot of guests on the 6th floor . The receptionist recommeded a couple of great little restaurants in the area . Le Bistro Des Deux Theatres on 18 rue Blanche is an excellent restaurant that serves French food with a fixed menu of 32 Euro / person for a 3 - course meal including coffee and a bottle of wine . Fuxi ( sp ? ) is an Italian restaurant about 8 - 10 mins walk from the hotel and has very good Italian dishes . The price is very reasonable and the menu is la carte . We ordered off of the blackboard and was very pleased with our food .
Great Hotel in Paris . view from window
Great Location . You can get a RER train from CDG airport stops at Luxembourg Gardens which is a 5 minute walk way from the hotel . Stade de France is also on the same line which makes the hotel a good location if going to a 6 Nations game . Hotel is also walking distance to Notre Dame . We booked the hotel based on the reviews on the trip advisor and were not disappointed . We asked and got a room with a balcony view over the pantheon which was excellent . Would stay here again on our next visit Paris .
hated the monge . We were booked in for 9 nights late December 2006 - on trip advisor rankings - 17th out of 1600 odd . What a major disappointment - unattractive uninviting small public areas , ancient rooms with worn out old sheets towels , a lift that did not work after 8 p . m . , bad luck if you stayed on high levels or had mobility problems . Owner Julie completely charmless ( especially after reading trip advisor reviews as to how wonderful she was ) . In Paris you are never far from something interesting or attractive - this hotel is in the most boring unattractive strip of the whole Latin Quarter . My 21 year old son ( who charmed everyone he met on our 1 month long holiday in 4 cities ) has respiratory problems and has to boil water for sinus rinsing requested kettle after explaining why was told there was no kettle available . We booked out early were charged 1 extra night penalty ( understandably ) . What annoyed me was that all of a sudden room rate increased - I did not bother arguing as I was happy to be out of there . We had stayed in London at kk hotel which was terrific for 1 week before coming to Paris . On the plane from London my wife I were seated in row 13 next to a man who had serious hygeine problems , the bag with ALL of our clothes was lost for 6 days ( eventually returned by B . A . ) we stayed in this terrible hotel for 2 nights ! Talk about bad luck ! Fear not dear readers , we found the wonderful Hotel Abbatial on Boulevarde Saint Germain , completed our stay incident free moved on to Athens Hong Kong had a great holiday . Please do not stay in this hotel ( Monge ) as Paris is an enchanting city you do not want your holiday ruined .
Roaches ? We booked this hotel because of the high ratings on Trip Advisor . While it did live up to what many people have written about in terms of the recent remodeling , our big problems was probable tiny roaches ! On our first night , we accidently turned the fan / air conditioning ( ? ) on , and we later noticed bugs that appeared to be tiny roaches on the ceiling and one later on the bathroom floor - - for a total of 5 - 6 . The second night , we left the fan off and the window cracked open , and no bugs . . . We also requested the rooms on the 4th and 5th floor mentioned in previous reviews , but they could n't guarantee it . We ended up getting a 2nd floor room ( 224 ? ) , which had a nice view of the Eiffel Tower when we leaned out the window , but not like the others . The hotel is in a great location , as people mentioned - - a 10 - 15 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower , 5 minute walk from the Ecole Militaire metro stop , and 7 minutes from Rue Cler which has great places to eat . But , the night we had difficulty sleeping because we were afraid the bugs would fall on us kind of outweighed the positives .
Nice hotel , but not love at first sight . We read all of the reviews on this website before visiting this hotel a few weeks ago . We opted to upgrade our room to one with a larger bathroom based on recommendations of other users . This was our first trip to Paris , but our bathroom was very small and I was a bit surprised by this . Not worth the upgrade ! Anyway , the view was amazing from the fifth floor ( room 55 ) and the hotel certainly was charming . The location is great but we only discovered how close we were to incredible nightlife during the last day of our visit ( our fault I guess ) . Less than two blocks away , across from the Trinity Church , is an amazing little bakery that has fantastic pressed sandwiches on baguettes . We picked up sandwiches before heading to Versailles and ate them on a bench just outside . The room itself was very dated , but completely clean . The television only really worked when it felt like it , but I guess you do n't go to Paris to watch TV ! It is a very noisy hotel , but we did n't really experience too many problems at night . The elevator is only big enough for two at the most , so we had to load all of our bags and walk up to the fifth floor , then unload . The staff is not very friendly , and I really did try to speak French with them ( maybe it 's my fault ) ! It sounds like I am complaining a lot here , but we really were satisfied with our stay . We had a fantastic vacation and I have no serious complaints . I think on our next trip to Paris , we 'll try somewhere else . This one is a mixed bag - - if you want to be very comfortable , you may want to consider staying elsewhere .
Excellent , but has faults . The Hotel Royal Magda Paris is a very quaint hotel in an excellent part of Paris . It is approx 5 min saunter to the Le Arc De Triomphe and the famous Champs Elysees . There are some excellent bars and restaurants in the area and if you are travelling from Ireland through Beauvais it is about 10 in a taxi to the drop off point . But there is one draw back to the hotel and that is one of the rooms is located next to a very busy restaurant / bar ( Room 115 ) avoid this room or bring sleeping tablets . The breakfast is over priced as you will get similar if not better in a cafe close by . You choose sitting eating a croissant looking at the Le Arc De Triomphe or a dinning room wall for twice the price . All in all I think if I was returning I would consider staying there again taking on board the comments above .
An excellent base for central Paris . The hotel was just as expected - excellent in every way . We arrived on the Eurostar into Gare du Nord and then just a few Metro stops to Boulevard St Michel followed by a couple of minutes walk to the hotel . When we first arrived I thought we might have been disturbed by noise at night as the area was so busy but the double glazed windows kept all noise out . ( air con available for the summer ) Our room on the 2nd floor was small but very recently refurbished and the bed was as comfortable as ours at home ! I do n't think it would be worth paying for a bigger corner room as you 'll want to be out all day visiting Paris . The bathroom had a bath with a shower over it and was large in comparison to the bedroom . We did n't have breakfast in the hotel but went to the boulangerie just next door - wonderful pastries . I 'd definitely recommend this hotel !
Great location . This was a lovely hotel . We had a tiny balcony which looked over the street . We were close to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees .
Terrible Stay at Hotel Foch . My husband and I stayed in Hotel Foch for three nights this January , 2008 . The location of the hotel was about a mile from the Metro , with not a lot of restaurants or cafe 's nearby . The room was very small , with just enough room to get in the bed on each side . We had originally picked the hotel because of the reasonable price , and positive reviews but again and again we were disappointed . The first night we realized we could hear every sound outside of our door , and coincedentally they happened to be doing construction in the very next room . Electric drills , hammers , the works . We asked to change rooms but there was nothing available , but we were assured the construction would stop soon . Around 7PM it ended . We went to take a shower , and to our dismay there was NO hot water . Not only that the shower head was bursting bouts of dirt all over the bathtub . We were very disappointed at this point to the point of wanting to check out and when we expressed our concerns the plumber of the hotel came up to our room and started SCREAMING at my husband saying my husband did not know what hot water was ( because there is n't a difference between freezing and warm in his mind apparently ) . We ended up staying at the hotel because we had already paid and were given attitude for the rest of our stay . Also , we found out that the hot water heater had broken the night before from the receptionist . Instead of being honest about their problem , they lied straight to our faces and tried to deny any problem at all . We would never stay at hotel Foch again , or suggest it to anyone we know .
Loved this Hotel . . . I had never been to France or even Europe prior to this trip . I had no idea what to expect at all . I did a lot of research and found the reviews to be helpfull . We arrived in Paris and I was in awe , the Albe was a perfect location . The streets aroung the hotel were safe , as I found all of Paris to feel . The direct location of hotel is right on the river sienne , across from the Notre Dame , right in the center of the city . There was good food close by and excellent walking streets , it was definately where the life of the city felt to be . It was extremely loud all night long Saturday night , but the windows did a good job of dampering the noise , however we slept with the windows open . I would highly reccommend to anyone who wants a great location with a lot of action . Will definately stay again .
A great find . We very much enjoyed our stay here . The staff were friendly and helpful , room was very clean and the hotel is in a great location . We particularly enjoyed the abundance of restaurants and bars in the locality and the fact that everything was within walking distance . We would definitely go back again .
Poor customer service . . . Below is an abstract of the complaint I have sent to the management of this hotel . I think it explains everything . However if you do n't have these problems the hotel is beautiful and well located . I would like to bring to your attention my highly unsatisfactory stay at your hotel earlier this week . Checking into the Hilton Arc de Triomphe on July XXX at around 12h15 in the afternoon I was promptly checked - in to room XXX . Spending only a few minutes in the room to drop off my luggage I found the room satisfactory and left at once for my office located down the street on Rue Monceau . Arriving back at the hotel around 20h00 in the evening to quickly change for a business dinner I noticed an odd smell in the hotel room . Approaching the window I realized that the entire carpet and wall below the window sill were soaked with water carrying the distinct grey hue of mold . Obviously there had a been a problem for quite sometime . Having little time before my next engagement I stopped by the reception on way out to inform them of the problem . The staff were perfectly pleasant apologizing for the inconvenience and promising to send someone up to see what could be done to fix the problem and , if no problem could be found , to change my hotel room . Had this occurred I would not be writing to you at this time as I would have been perfectly satisfied with how the situation was handled . Hotels make mistakes and should surely be given the chance to rectify them . Unfortunately when returning to my room at 23h15 in the evening I found that not only had nothing been done but that the stench by this time was intolerable . It would have been impossible to sleep in this room . Calling the reception not one person on duty was aware of my earlier complaint . However after verifying the room number they were not surprised by the problem as I was informed that my room was ' closed ' and was not to be assigned due to the leak . At this point they promised to send some up to look at the situation immediately . After waiting , in the hall ( because of the odor ) , for 25 minutes , I was forced to call the reception a second time . It was only then that they sent someone to help me transfer to a comparable room on the same floor . The whole ordeal of transferring rooms meant that instead of going to bed at 23h15 I was not able to get to bed until well after midnight . Having woken up at 4h30 in the morning to catch a red eye flight to Paris and working for twelve hours straight this was certainly a less than ideal way to end my evening . The next morning when checking out no mention to the prior evening 's events were made until I brought up the issue . At this point I was clumsily offered a discount on the my room . In all honesty this represents little compensation for me , spending over 100 days a year in hotel rooms neither me nor my employer could care less about saving a few euros on a hotel room . Spending over a third of my time in hotels for work I value a customer service and more importantly a good night 's sleep . This is much more important to me than the actual cost of a hotel room and I would venture to say that this is the case for many of the business travelers you wish to attract . '
Careful . Unfortunately , the booking practice of this hotel appears to be deceptive . A few days ago I was offered a last minute rate which I accepted and furnished my credit card details within the period required by the hotel . Their response was they were sorry but the room had already been rented . We all know that the hotels will hold a room for a definite period pending receipt of credit card details so there was no mistake . Obviously , they found someone to rent at the normal rate . I am sure the hotel is lovely but the traveler needs to be careful in dealing with them . This is an issue of honesty . My wifehad warned me to look elsewhere after reading the recent report on Tripadvisor of items being stolen from a room at night . I should have listened . I am sure the manager will reply with his explanation of the mistake . This was not a mistake ! Shame , shame ! !
Pleasant 3 - star hotel on the left bank . I just got back yesterday . Stayed at the Agora St . Germain for 5 nights . It was a very nice little hotel and I would recommend it to those on a budget . I paid 112 Euros for my single room . My single room was very small but manageable . Desk , chair , bedside table , mini bar , good lighting ( often lacking in Paris hotels ) , comfortable single bed , two pillows , adequate closet space . Room was well cleaned every day . Bed very comfortable . Room was on an air well so very quiet at night . Staff was friendly and spoke pretty good English . The bathroom was very nice in marble and modern appliances . But it had that situation often found in Paris - no shower curtain . Nice thick towels . Had breakfast the first two mornings . It cost 10 Euros , which was a lot for what they offered : baguettes , croissants , butter , jam , juice , so - so coffee , packaged cheese and canned fruit cocktail . If you go out the front door of the hotel , turn right and go to the corner , there is a small cafe where you can get a terrific coffee au lait and a nice croissant for 3.80 Euros . And the lady who runs the place is extremely pleasant . She will also do eggs if you wish . The location of the hotel is great as other reviewers have pointed out .
Room double booked ! Rigid On arrival at the Duquesne Eiffel Hotel I was welcomed with information that my room booked double booked . The Duquesne Eiffel had arranged another hotel in the area to take us , the Hotel Splendid , which was OK but not my hotel of choice . The option of staying one night , at the Splendid , and the remainder back at the Duquesne Eiffel or staying at the splendid for the entire stay was offered . I suggested that as compensation for the error made by the Duquesne Eiffel that they pay for the night at the Splendid and that I would then stay for the reaminder of the time with them ; A fair and reasonable request ( where the Splendid , the Duquesne Eiffel and myself benefit equally ) I thought ! This suggestion was meet by a unyieldng and , in my oppinion , some what incomprehensible no ! Why the Duquesne Eiffel would rather pass my entire custom to the Splendid , a competitor , rather than reimburse me for my inconvenience astounded me . I therefore did not stay at the Duquesne Eiffel ! Prefering to stay with the Splendid who were very welcoming . The only compensation offered was free breakfast which , if the Splendid is anything to go by , would be the bare essentials continetal for 11 euros ; not what I would call value for money !
Shabby . . . but good location . Full size bed with about 24 " or so inches on either side .
In Need of a Makeover ! We had booked in to another hotel which had water damage . The Ares was booked by the other great hotel ( Hotel Duquesne Eiffel ) . At the Ares Tour Eiffel we payed 160 Euros for a room with no air conditioner , you could hear the guests upstairs every time they walked around theier room . Family called us telephonically to be told we were out for dinner - we were in our room . Staff were not helpful . This hotel is completely overpriced in comparison to other hotels . The inside has a tired look ! It is in need of a makeover ! ! ! Thankfully we only stayed one night and moved to the great Hotel Duquesne Eiffel
Great Find . Based on Tripadvisor reviews , I booked a three - night stay at the Langlois in Paris for a business trip . The staff was just great . ( The night concierge even had hot coffee ready for me before I took off for my flight at 5am ! ) . My room was very clean and quiet . However , I was very disappointed that the wi - fi service did not work in the guest rooms - - at least not mine . The guest computer in the lobby had very spotty and slow service , too . The staff seemed surprised that the service was n't functioning properly ( not at all during my brief stay ) so perhaps they 'll address soon . I would n't have booked a room at a hotel without internet access .
Great view . Really nice room . It was small but it did n't feel like your average hotel room , because the furniture and decoration was classy and unusual . Good location , a couple of minutes ' walk from the Metro and a stroll from many of Paris 's best - known sights . Terrific view of the Pantheon from our room . Facilities fine . Only sour note : I phoned reception the day before we arrived to order flowers for my girlfriend 's birthday . They were really helpful and the roses duly arrived outside our room in the morning . However , the effect was rather ruined as we were checking out , when the morning receptionist told me , loudly and in front of my girlfriend , that there was a problem with the bill as we still owed 36 Euros for the flowers . er , thanks . And the lift is recommended only to the intrepid .
The Wonderful Concierge Service . . . I just needed a one night stay before returning home . I wish I had stayed at this hotel my entire stay in Paris . On the down side the bed was not especially comfortable and it was typically tiny ( by US standards ) but big enough to move around in . Also , sound travels through the floors and walls but this was n't a big problem because the clients of Grand Hommes seem a particularly quite bunch . The hotel made up for these minor issues because the staff was so polite , professional and helpful . This was really welcome because during my 10 day business stay in Europe I had encountered some hotel staff that ranged from I really hate my job to I really hate you . The appointments in the bathroom were perfect and the entire place is impeccably decorated and clean , clean , clean ! I had to check out before breakfast was served but the desk staff made me a nice cup of coffee gratis . I had the superior room and although it did n't face the Pantheon , it was on a quiet courtyard with double doors that opened onto a private little terrace with a cafe table and two chairs . Next time I 'm in Paris , I would like to stay at Grand Hommes for pleasure - you ca n't get much more romantic - with the Pantheon across the street , a long view of the Effel Tower around the corner , and the Seine and Luxembourg Gardens just a stroll away . I would n't consider this a family / kid / teen kind of place , nor was it for the young and hip - but for the rest of us with a couple hunderd Euros to spend for a night 's lodging I definately recommend it .
Good location , courteous staff , comfortable . We have just returned from a 9 day stay at the Hotel Relais Bosquet and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly . We got to the hotel by Yellow Van which was arranged for us through the Hotel . This worked very well and made the transfer easy . You could have got here by a combination of the Roissy bus and Metro 8 but it would have involved hauling bags up and down quite a number of stairs . All in all , the van worked well and was not expensive . The front desk staff were extraordinarily helpful and pleasant . They speak excellent English and are happy to help you with suggestions , reservations and advice on request . Check in and out was efficient with no surprises . The front lobby has a computer to access the internet . It has a different keyboard than the one that we use in Canada but , with some considerable patience , you can get used to it . It is often used by guests but is generally available with a short wait . The hotel has wireless internet and so bringing a lap top would be a good idea . Ice is obtained through the front desk and is n't available on each floor which was fine as far as we were concerned . We had a superior room which was very nice . Had to insert the room key into a slot by the door to make the lights work , which was a new one for us and not something that came to us immediately . It had a large bathroom with two sinks and a large and effective shower . A separate WC was within the room . The air conditioning worked well , thank goodness ! The safe was inside the small fridge ( which was n't the first place that we looked for it ) . The fridge has enough room to store soda , cheese , meat , and other stuff if you wish . They do stock it with the usual which we did n't use . They have a coffee maker in the room that we did n't use . There was a small TV which had 3 English channels plus a number of other channels . There was a large cabinet and a chest of drawers for clothes which was adequate . Electronically closing blinds completely darken the room and completely keep out outside noise . One could hear the doors open and close in adjacent hotel rooms . Breakfast was included in our package and was very good . It consisted of orange juice and cake to start , followed by coffee and heated milk , chocoate bread ( addictive ) , croissants ( very good ) and additional bread with an assortment of jams and butter . Cheese came with it as did some cut up melon . This was one filling breakfast that was very good . We never were able to eat all of it and it pretty much filled you up until supper time cutting the costs of lunch ( generally you might just need a drink and could share a salad and that would do you the rest of the day ) . I am sure that you could go out to a local bakery etc and it would be fine , but this was so convenient and so good ! The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel tower and two blocks from the Metro . It is one block from Rue Cler . There are two bakeries nearby and two grocery stores as well . Banking was within two blocks . I highly suggest the Le Bosquet restaurant nearby as it has great service and food . Cafe du March is also close and is a little cheaper with reasonable food and a fun atmosphere . You can get a crepe on Rue Cler that is the equivalent of a full meal . Wine shops abound nearby . I highly recommend this hotel .
Hotel Monge : OVER RATED ? Me , my husband and sister all seem to think so . We booked a double and triple ( 100 / 130 Euro ) based on reviews on tripadvisor and were sorely disappointed . :( My husband I backpacked SouthEast Asia for 3 months straight so we are not picky or demanding by any stretch of the imagination . Positives : windows are double paned and the rooms are clean . But we think there are better hotels out there . We found the Familia Hotel MUCH better last time we were in Paris ( they were booked this time around ) 1 . Staff did not seem to make an effort to be friendly at all . When we checked in we were simply given our keys and pointed to the elevator / stairs . We were suprised since others raved about the service . We barely got a smile out of them - I wondered for a minute if THEY were the ones paying us to stay there . 2 . Elevator fits only 1 person with luggage or 2 small people . The dark winding staircase was not much better to lug your baggage up . 3 . There is not clock or coffee / teamaker in the room . Considering they managed to have a minibar in each room , hmmmm . 4 . Do n't expect to sleep in at all as the housekeeper starts banging and vacuuming at around 8 am . Ok ? it 's supposed to be a holiday 5 . Finally , we found the beds pretty rough to sleep on . I woke up with backaches ( normally I never have back issues ) . The last couple nights I found it helpful to sleep on my stomach . Anyways , hope this helps ! I will NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone that I care about . Bon voyage ! Paris is amazing :)
The reviews did it justice ! Our stay was an excellent experience . The hotel is clean , comfortable and staff extremely helpful . We arranged a mini - bus for our return journey from Beauvais airport , which was eventful , but great to be dropped at the door and not have to search for the hotel . Having said that there is a Metro stop only a minute away . Our trip on the Seine for dinner was worth every penny , food and entertainment were both great . The hotel recommended a restaurant next door for lunch the day we arrived , it too was very enjoyable and a great way to start a break in Paris .
Great place . Mediocre attitude . We stayed at the hotel from the 25th to the 30th of May , 2006 . Well , this was our ( my wife , 2 yr old baby and me ) intention . We made the reservation 3 months ahead of time and got very good and prompt answers on the email . The night before arriving we posted an email to remind the staff that we 're coming the next day late night and we got an OK . However , when arriving at the hotel we were told that there are no rooms for tonight and we were offered a 2 stars hotel for one night . As you may imagine , when it comes after a 5 hrs flight + 1 hour RER + climbing up and down the stairs of the Saint Michel station with a 30Kg suitacase and a baby stroller , all at midnight , we were very disappointed from this . When asking why could n't they ask someone else coming earlier without a baby to move for the night we got no answer . As we had no other alternatives we moved for the night to the 2 stars hotel . No one offered any help with our lagguage . When arriving next day to the hotel we found a very helpful receptionist and a very friendly kitchen staff . They helped us find our way , sterilize our baby 's milk bottle etc . In the weekend the receptionist was changed and the new one 's attitude was not as helpful as the first one . She soured her face for every question we had and did not bother to look on the web ( she has a free one at the reception desk ) for some very basic info we needed . Location of the hotel is good , although it 's a bit challenging with a baby stroller ( as using the metro is a nightmare ) . Using the buses to go to the Eiffel Tower was quite cumbersome . Going to the Arch de Triumph is just impossible . Fortunately , on Sunday there is the BalaBus ( no one in the hotel knew about it ) that has several stops in touristic places ( including Arch de Triumph ) that made it a direct drive from St Michel . Windows of room are indeed noise proof but be ready to use the AC as it turns the room to be over warmed . The room was not as clean as we expected it to be ( linen was not 100 % white ) but in general the room was ok , even for the 3 of us ( do n't bring more than one suitcase , though ) . We expected a bit more from a hotel that is rated among the top 20 hotels in Paris , according to the recommendations in Trip Advisor . We were disappointed .
Shabby . My husband and I just returned from Paris with our daughter and her husband . We booked this hotel ( two rooms , 4 nights ) based upon the positive reviews on this website . When we arrived we were so disapointed by the appearance of this hotel . It was shabby and bordered dirty . There was a bad smell in the rooms and we simply could not stay there . We lost over $ 300 since we had booked in advance , but it was worth it to go to a nicer hotel . Perhaps this hotel has other nicer rooms since apparently there were many people happy with their stay here , but our rooms were not acceptable .
Disappointing room but great location . Having found this hotel on the tripadvisor website I booked 3 months in advance and asked for one of the nicer more expensive rooms at the top of the hotel with a view as it was to be a birthday treat for my partner . Everything was great ; location , cost , breakfast , lovely little lift , friendly staff ( hostess a little aloof however ) , cleanliness of room etc . but the room itself did not live up to the hotel 's website pictures or the descriptions on this website . Maybe we were unlucky with room 53 but it was dull and uninspiring particularly given my advance request for something special . I felt I may have been penalised for admonishing whoever took my booking back in July for sending my creditcard details back and forth in an unsecure email . Good value however for a very central location .
Great bed , but that 's it . View of room from balcony
beware of thief in your room . Just returned from a two night stay at this hotel . Stayed with two friends . When we arrived we enquired if we could have two keys to the room , as we would be returning at different times . I was concerned because our room could be left unlocked . The hotel staff advised that there would be no problem as the front door was not left unattended . So much for this , during the night someone entered the room ( more worrying because my friends were in bed ) and stole a number of items , mobile phone , PDA etc . This really destroyed a great visit to the city . So my advice if there are more than one of you and you need to arrange different return times , this is not the hotel for you
Not on the 6th floor . My wife and I stayed for 5 nights at this centrally located hotel in St - Germain des Prs late Novembre 2006 . The location is just fantastic , being close to all major attractions and nightlife . The staff were extremelly helpful and the rooms were very clean . The only negative aspect were the size of the rooms and bathrooms . This hotel has 6 floors and all rooms are mid - size except those on the top floor which are extremelly small . . . . . . . I mean really small , and the bathroom incredibly small . I talked to manager and she told me that all rooms had descent size , except those on the 6th floor . So , if you go , do n't book any rooms on the 6th floor . I would certainly stay there again but would n't stay on the 6th floor again even if it was free . I also booked my room months in advance and was sincerely hoping to get a much better room . Aside from that , I highly recommand this hotel . BTW , do n't bother paying 25 euro for brakefast , as you can get plenty of great brakefast for a fraction of the price just around the corner . Cheers and Bon Voyage . PatP / S : I must also mention that I was extremelly surprised to see how clean the city was and how friendly the French were . I do n't know where all the bad reviews comes from about the French but to us , they were just real nice .
Beware ! Buyer beware ! We had contacted the hotel directly via email - exchanged several very nice emails . Very friendly . When we went to check in , they did not have our reservations . When they finally checked their email records , they found it , and admitted that we did have reservations . They just could not understand why they did n't have the reservation , and they were full . They called around and found us another hotel . Much further away , not as nice , and a big disappointment . No offer of a free night some other time , or to pay for our room at the other hotel . When the receptionist was looking for our reservations , it became clear that they had a very archaic system for tracking reservations . If you 're coming from far away for a once - in - a - lifetime stay in Paris , you might want to pass on this hotel .
A large fish tank is not enough . We booked our stay for the Easter weekend in a standard room . The hotel is very centrally situated and has a wow factor in the reception atrium with its awe - inspiring aquadrome . This is normally a pay - to - see commercial attraction separate from the hotel , and it has the unfortunate disadvantage of constantly crowding the lobby with passing pedestrians having a free look from the hotel side . Our room was adequate if a little small but was clean and well presented . Our stay entitled us to a bottle of champagne on arrival in the room , but this turned out to be a bottle of German sekt when it arrived . It took a telephone call from us to the manager before room service would replace it with the genuine article . Dinner on the first night in the restaurant H - eat was less than expected . The food was disappointing in presentation and flavour and our main dishes achieved an unusual condition in that they were both over - cooked and cold . Our disapointment was compounded with the arrival of the bill 146 for just 2 courses and wine . Indeed one of the most consistent things with this hotel is its high prices for less than perfect drinks , food and service . Drink prices in the reception bar were high by comparrison with other 5 star Berlin hotels with which we are familiar . Breakfast had to be queued for and it is not ideal to be given the option of breakfast in the reception atrium while being gawped at by tourists along with the fish ! One very unpleasant experience in both the restaurant and the lobby bar area was the mass of fruit flies that became a constant and annoying nuisance . Perhaps the hotel will try to remove the nuisance at some stage - certainly staff seemed not to care . The main issue with the hotel is it 's 5 star status . I would question any establishment who uses this label while not providing basic 5 star amenities in rooms . No bathrobes or slippers , no mineral water , no CD player , one towel per guest per day , no turn - down service , and poor quality toiletries and absence of simple items such as cotton buds , nail files and hair conditioner . Needless to say , all higher - price rooms offer these but as the place is n't cheap to begin with and it claims to be 5 star why the difference between this and other 5 star operations in Berlin ? I do not find a large fish tank sufficient reason to go back and if I ever see another fruit fly it 'll be too soon !
very disappointed . Have just come back and was very disappointed . We got a room in the 1st floor and it was very noisy . The room was pretty small , very basic , the carpet was stained , the walls had many marks of what I guess are suitcases marks , and the shower floor had permanent dirt that did n't seem to come off . I would say that the only advantage of this hotel is it 's central location . Would not suggest to stay there if you can afford some thing better ! Looking back I would have preffered to pay more and get a better hotel .
Disappointing . Had been warned of a noiseless facelift but was unprepared to battle my way through a foyer of painters and then have to step over debris and rolled up carpets to find the room . Really not worth the money for such a top class hotel . They should have closed for such extensive work and I think it is just greedy to keep it open but treat it 's guests as second class citizens . My request to speak to the Manager was ignored as was a letter whilst I was staying there . Would not return as so much choice in Berlin but can say it 's situation is ideal for walking to the sights .
Nice hotel , terrrible stay . . . I 'm usually very positive while on holiday , but this hotel let me down . The rooms were great and it all started out fine ( except a bit dissapointing location . . . ) . The problems started on the second day when we were accused of breaking the bathroom - door . This made the rest of our trip unpleasant as some of the staff were very rude and kept coming to the room asking questions in a very accusatory tone . It made me feel very uneasy . The day of departure , we were refused to leave unless we left our home address and credit card number . We have since received a letter of apology , as their further investigations revealed that we had nothing to do with the damaged door , but our stay in Berlin was ruined . I only remember how unwelcome this all made me feel and how I could ' nt enjoy myself because og the staff 's behaviour .
good hotel in good location . We stayed at the sofitel for two days on a jolly to Berlin . One thing we discovered very quickly that in Berlin the hotel you choose is all about location , there are some places which may have great reviews for the hotel but the location could be right oppposite a building site or miles from the nearest bars and restaurants , or just in the wrong part of town . Berlin has an awful lot of construction going on so choose carefully . This place is in a pretty excellent location really , right opposite the Zoo , specify a courtyard facing room if you want quiet , there is quite a busy road going past the front of the hotel , Across the busy road is the Zoo , you really want a room at the back of the hotel rather than at the front . The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the famous bombed out church and the start of the K ' dam , also 5 minutes walk is Ka De We which is the 2nd the biggest department store in Europe after Harrods . East Berlin centre is about 15 mins by taxi ( there is a rank at the front of the hotel ) The hotel itself is comfortable and well equipped with a very good range of spa treatments , the room we had was quite large and the only complaint we have is that the bath towels are very small , The goodies in the bathroom are very high quaility . The bar is quite small but serves everything you need at usual hotel prices . We didnt try the restaurant as we prefer to eat out but it seemed quite nice and very popular . The staff are efficient and very polite and helpful . All in all a perfectly good nice hotel in a very good location which as I said before is everything in Berlin . Top tip : if you fly in and out of Tegel airport dont go through the security and departures gates until you are ready to fly as there is Nothing on the other side of security , just gates and seats . small duty free in a cabin , I would definately stay at the sofitel again rather than risk a hotel in the wrong place which would seriously dent your enjoyment of a short stay
Perfect in every way . We stayed at The Regent in August for two days to celebrate my birthday . Location perfect ; staff warm , welcoming and professional ; room perfectly appointed ; food sublime . Certainly one of . . . if not THE best hotels ever !
Great Service , Perfect Location . The Berlin Grand Hyatt lives up to the GrandHyatt name . Location : very central for business and lesiuire traveller , around the corner there are rows of decent restaurants . The Concierge is excellent in recommending good restraurants . Dont ' hesitate to ask . 5 mins to Posdamer Platz station . Mall , cinema and even Casino is around the cornr . Rooms : clean , sleek , grand . BO flat screen TV sound system . not extremely spacious for our Grand Twin room . The bathroom is spacious with tub and a rainshower cubical . Bathroom amenties are from Aveda . But the housekeeping staff was very mingy , not putting new or additional shower gel and moisturizer , she just screwed the cap back and put them there . Very disappointing . The room offers a good variety of tea and coffee making facilities . Internet is NOT WiFi . 18 Euro per day . Did n't use the business center , so no idea about the efficiency . Breakfast at Vox , selection is impressive . THe service is immaculate . The doormen are very courteous , cheerful , they truly extend that welcome everyday , not just aiming for tips . All in all , it 's a great choice for Berlin , We have got a reasonable rate of E295 for the room w breakfast . I consider it pretty good . We kept one of our bags with Grand Hyatt after checking out on our 4 - day trip to Prague . The Bell staff are very acommodating , the doorman saw us return , without a word , he rushed to get our bag out . impressive .
Impressive hotel - great for big groups . Arrived late on a friday night having booked via the internet for 14 people . Because of the advance internet booking , we got a great rate for the hotel ( 97 Euros per night ) . However , this did n't include breakfast but that was n't too much of a problem . I 'd say buying breakfast separately is too expensive , especially when you can buy it round the corner for a better price . The hotel lobby staff were very polite and helpful and seemed to like working there . The hotel itself is fantastic - very new and modern looking with incredibly fast lifts . Although not very big , the rooms were along the same lines . They had the basics and were very comfortable . However , the cleaning staff seemed a bit too keen at getting into the room on a sunday ( at 9am ) ! The bathroom situation is not as bad as some of the other reviews have made out . They are a bit strange ( clear glass into the upper half of the shower cubicle frosted glass toilet door ) but there is a curtain to pull round the whole area . Even for those who do n't know each other that well , it 's not so bad . Probably the best features of the hotel are the view from the room window ( assuming you 're on a higher floor ) , the size of the hotel ( it 's easy to find ) , and the excellent location . It has to be in the best place for going out in the evening ( restaurants , bars etc ) . I 'd definitely stay here again and again if returning to Berlin !
Toilet flushing in the bed . We had booked a room here for 3 nights , we only stayed 1 night , we could n't have stayed one second more , even though it was prepaid and no money back ! The construction of the rooms are such that the toilet with a glass door with a big modern hole in it , flushes exactly beside the bed which is situated less than app 40 cm from the mentioned glass door . The room had a tacky decor and had morning sun which heated the room totally even though we had the blinds down etc etc - a horrible experience . However , we were so lucky to get a room at another small hotel in Berlin , which opened just 6 weeks ago , this hotel had a so called open bathroom BUT with a seperate toilet with a door you could close , and we managed to save the holiday ; )
Rather sterile , like we found berlin . The hotel is trendy in a minimalistic , clean sort of way . Perfectly adequate for overnight stays , but probably better suited to business professionals - who were dominant at breakfast , as it 's not the type of place to lounge comfortably around in , especially as all the TV channels are in German and there 's no mini - bar , kettle , or even drinking water in the room ! The nearest tube / Ubahn station is a good 10 min walk - and about 4 changes from the airport - better to go to the Halensee S - bahn station which is only one change from the airport . We asked for recommendations to a lively cafe for lunch and had a 1 / 2 hour journey to find one ( walk tube ) . KaDeWe , the major dept store is on the Ku ' damm , but right at the other end - 3 tube stops and a good walk . Overall the hotel matched our opinion of Berlin - sterile . If we 'd been more impressed by Berlin , the hotel would have been fine as a base , but we found it a hard city to find any life in - perhaps we went at the wrong time of year ? ? We wo n't be back to find out . Recommend you go to Rome , Paris or Stockholm instead - much more to do , see and experience !
Spotless ! We stayed at this hotel because it was near to K ' damn and this was our first trip to berlin . We had a standard room on the lower floors overlooking the central courtyard . Probably not the best view if you were staying in mid - winter but perfect in the heat of the summer . The room was spotlessly clean . The bathroom was spacious and immaculate also with the novelty of having a speaker system built in allowing you to listen to the TV while in the bath . A turn down service also added a little more luxury . The spa was great , just what we needed after the hot weather we 'd had . Be warned if you are a bit of a prude as most guests are followers of the naked spa regime ! Breakfast was fantastic . Everything you could imagine from cereals to freshly made pancakes with maple syrup ( recommended ) . The lobby and cocktail bar were a lovely touch and very relaxing . K ' damn is just across the road , as is the Berlin zoo on the opposite side . Both a great day out . Also the tour bus goes from just outside one of the many HMs located on the K ' damn . Tiergarten is great for a leisurely wander in the evening . If you 're lucky you might just come across a great beer garden near the spanish ? embassy which sells pizza and 2 huge litre glasses of beer for 15 euro . Follow the collection of bikes down to this beautiful area by the lake . Once again beware the naked berliners ( conservative Irish person speaking ) in the park and also the mosquitos !
An OK Hotel factory . Main intrance
Nice and clean , but not worth their five stars . I stayed for two nights together with my mother , as we were visiting friends in Berlin . We booked this hotel partly because of the good reviews it has received here , and partly due to its location , which could n't be better , right in the centre of town . All the staff were very nice , but I think the standard of the our room was below my expectations for a five - star hotel , with very thin pillows and only one spare pillow . There was no soap in our bathroom when we arrived , and only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers ( we did after all have a double room ) , which was quickly rectified when we alerted the staff to it , but they did seem to find it very odd that we wanted two robes . The breakfast was good , but so I find most hotel breakfasts in Germany . The hotel also provides complimentary internet access to guests ( behind the concierge ) , which was very convenient , since we wanted to check in online before leaving the hotel for the airport . I found the Swissotel Berlin a nice hotel , good value for money , but closer to four stars than five . I might stay there again , but it is definitely not on my list over hotels I really would like to visit again .
Very disappointing . Having previously enjoyed a great week 's stay at the sister art ' otel in Berlin ( the Warhol - themed City Centre West ) , we decided to book a 4 - night stay at this hotel so we could visit more of the sights on the eastern side of the city . The difference was stark . This hotel is located in a very quiet district - barely a passing car on a weekday , completely dead at the weekendand with no local facilities . The one bar round the corner had one old pensioner propping the bar up on a Friday evening . The hotel itself is already showing signs of age . The fixtures and fittings in the room were tired and worn ; edges of shelves worn away , carpets badly stained , window blinds torn and damaged . The room was very much smaller than in the sister hotel , though the bed was amply sized as in all German hotels . Only one almost useless pillow per person though ( think no thicker than a cracker ) and no availability of additional bed linen as most other hotels would normally provide . The room was effectively air conditioned ( i . e . you could control temperature and speed yourself ) and this is essential as the hotel 's proximity to a very still tributary to the Spree means that the area is plagued by large , voracious mosquitoes . Leaving your bedroom window open is not an option as my heavily bitten body will testify ! During my stay I needed to use the internet in order to check - in for our return flight . The cost of using the solitary PC in the lobby was extortionate . Given the low cost of internet access and PC hardware , all decent hotels now offer such ' business centre ' services for free - here , it was a credit card driven system charging 1Euro for 3 minutes online time and extra for every printed page . As a general tip , if you need to use the internet whilst in Berlin , look up the Easy Internet cafes before you go , there 's a huge one in Kurfurstendam and at least one more I saw elsewhere - there access costs 1 Euro for an hour ! Overall , the stay at Berlin Mitte was not what I expected from a hotel chain which calls its most basic room ' Superior ' . It needs to decide whether it wants to be ' designer ' or just a smart hostel . For UK travellers , the room was the same size and in the same condition as you 'd find in a Travelodge . If you expect no more than that , you wo n't be disappointed . Also , if you 're the kind of person who likes to step out of their hotel and straight into the action , this wo n't ring your bell as all destinations will require at least a half hour walk or public transport journey .
Highly Disappointed . The Intercontinental in Berlin was highly disappointing to my fiance and I . I was excited when we first checked in because the lobby is very grand and fairly well appointed . The staff seemed nice enough and helpful . The true disappointed came when we checked into the room . The rooms are very TIRED . The carpet from the 1970 's has blue bows on it and looks like something from your grandmother 's house . The TV was very small and not at all modern , and all of it felt very outdated . The worst part though was the temperature . The room was VERY warm all night long ( and this was in a cold night in November ) . We got up in the middle of the night to crank up the AC and open the window , but the temperature did n't change . Only when we called the front desk in the morning did they instruct us to remove the wood paneling below the sink in the bathroom ( which revealed all of the pipes , etc . ) and manually turn down the radiator ( which was on 5 - the highest level ! ) . I would not recommend staying here , it is not a good value at all , not is it a good experience .
Terrible Rooms - Great Breakfast . Stayed at the hotel over Easter 2005 . This hotel is in two parts the new and the old . The new is 4 star and the old is 2 star . When we arrived we were impressed by the lobby and the friendly staff . When we were shown to our room we were given a twin bedded room in the old part of the hotel . We had booked a double bed . We were moved to a slightly better double room ( two beds purshed together ) but still in the old part of the hotel . The rooms in the old part are described as Classic . Avoid these rooms - it is very clear why they do not have a photograph of them on their web site . The rooms are shabby , the air conditioing did not work ( left the balcony door wide open all night in March ! ) , soft furnishings grubby , smelt unpleasant , the toilet broke ( still not offered a change of room ) . The only positive things to say about the hotel is that it is in a very good location , the breakfast is excellent , friendly staff and lovely lobby with pianist . Even with these benefits I would not recommend staying in this hotel . I do not know what the quality of the rooms are like in the new part of the hotel . I would certainly never stay in this hotel again .
Trip to Berlin . We had a small trip to Berlin this spring and choosed this hotel because it is easy to reach and in the heart of berlin . Breakfast is one of the best I ever had , but you have to wait quite a long time to get seated in this small and crowded breakfast room . As this is a quite large luxury hotel , the rooms are really small . The room we got was nothing special , small , clean , thats it . Overall the hotel is quite ok , but I had better ones .
Good but not great . I was stayed here from the 27th - the 31st of May . There are many positive things about the hotel . The location is wonderful . You are next to the Berlin Dom , the sea life center and the spree river . All other major attraction is about 15mins away . You can take the 100 200 buses which stop a block away from the hotel or just walk . The S - ban The U - ban are also very close . This is a great starting point to explore the both east West Berlin . The hotel staff is very fluent in English and very knowledgeable about the city and what 's going on . The rooms are very clean and up to date with there fixtures . I stayed in a business class room on the sixth floor . You have a bed , 2 night tables , a TV ( flat screen ) , well stocked mini bar and a safe . The hot has two restaurants , a bar , and a gym . Breakfast is served till 11 in the heat restaurant . The have a large variety of food which was great but if this is not included in your hotel package stay away . Its 25Euros per person other wise . A few things made my experience here good but not great . The lobby smelled . I think this was because of the spree river but there is a rotten egg smell that takes over at times . The smell never made it pass the lobby though so the room smelled fine . Though clean the rooms are a bit bare , they were a bit cold to me ( some may like this ) . My bed was supposed to be a king but it was two twins put together . If you rolled you would fall through the cracks . There was no universal adapter in the room . They did provide me with one when I ask but in a 5* hotel I expected one to be there . Lastly housekeeping came to the rooms as early as 7:30 . To solve this problem I put the Do Not Disturb sign up till I left the room in the mornings .
Need to be more consumer friendly . Checked into Alexander Plaza on a Friday afternoon for two nights . Was told that my prepaid room was on the 6th floor and , due to construction , the elevator only went to 5th floor . I 'd have to schlep my bags ( and myself ) up and down the stairs everytime I wanted to go in or out . What an unpleasant surprise ! They did n't even offer to have someone carry my suitcases up the stairs . When I mentioned my knee surgery ( cane was the tip - off ) , they made a big show of reluctantly upgarding me to a double on another floor . Tiny room ( upgraded ! ) that looked out on a small interior space - - had to keep curtains drawn at all times to prevent office workers across the airspace from looking in . Recently renovated hotel is in a great location for walking to museums and shopping in an interesting gentrifying section of East Berlin . Wait staff at the bar was very pleasant . With all lights on , the room was dark ; poor lighting except next to the bed ; tiny bath with 30x30 - inch shower ; only one towel until I asked for another ; 17 Euro , breakfast that was just okay in content . Business Center that was closed of the weekend at 4p on Friday .
Funky Hotel . This is a lovely hotel in the Mitte area of Berlin . Very close to several U Bann Stations . Rooms were clean , good sized and well decorated with modern decor . There is a Flat Screen TV with DVD player - so be sure to bring some CD 's if you are staying - we forgot ! Rooms were quiet given the busy street outside , The only thing that could have been included was breakfast - which there was a charge of 12 Euro per person for . If you walk outside the hotel there are plenty of eating placed closeby . The Indian place directly across the road was really nice for dinner and drinks - There are also a few italian 's nearby . All in all a really nice 4 star hotel
A little out of the way . First off this is a no frills hotel with no frills staff . It may well be a designer hotel but when I read designer , I see minimalist which is what it is . The rooms are spartan and unexciting , and the breakfast is very much lite . The other real problem with this hotel is that it is right at the wrong end of the Ku ' Damm and not really close to anything , even a subway stop . This is the kind of hotel that may appeal to people in their teens or early twenties , being as it is an expensive youth hostel . I would not recommend it to anyone looking for a romantic getaway , sightseeing or other holiday . See what rate you can get , and then take something for the same price in Mitte .
Exceptionally enjoyable ! ! We booked onto the ' Surprisingly Different package , and were extremely pleased with the level of service throughout our stay . They even left a small birthday gift and card in the room for a member of our party , even though we had n't booked the ' birthday ' promotion . The staff were friendly and helpful and we enjoyed our nights in the Anhalter Bar sampling the varieties of beers and the odd cocktail . The choice at breakfast was varied and set us up for a full day of sightseeing around the city and our meal in the restaurant one evening was wonderful , particularly as we were able to request a change to the set menu without much trouble as one of our party did n't eat meat . The rooms were cleaned to a high standard , as were all areas of the hotel . Location wise , you can easily walk to some of the main attractions with ease and if not , there are buses and the S - Bahn nearby . Overall , we were more than ' surprised ' and would certainly visit again .
Modern German Chic , at a price . I stayed at this hotel for three nights , for a conference . On the day I arrived , Germany was playing in the finals of the Euro2008 football competition - so the streets were full of noisy fans . The hotel arranged for me to have an inside - facing room , to avoid the noise : full marks for customer service ! The whole place is very stylish and efficient ; clean and well - maintained . The reception staff were exceptionally helpful ( in English or German ! ) . As a business hotel , it would be hard to beat : the location is also great for West Berlin , and there 's a U - bahn station right outside if you want to travel around the city . The bedrooms was well - appointed , and comfortable , with a fairly firm bed . The espresso coffee machine was a nice touch . The gym facilities are a little basic - some cardio machines , but almost nothing for resistance . The sauna , however , was very fine ( do remember to take a euro coin for the locker ) . Breakfast was pretty good , with a wide variety including big jugs of freshly - squeezed juice . The conference meals were in private dining places in the hotel , and were also superb . All this comes at a price : the conference rate was EUR 150 , including breakfast . Some people said you can get a better price than that on the web : even so , it 's certainly not cheap ! The only other downside was that , with all the conference delegates wanting to be fed half an hour before the conference started , there was sometimes a queue for breakfast . That smacks of bad planning .
LOVE THE BERLIN MARK HOTEL . HI We have stayed in this hotel twice and are staying again later this year , for the value its great is this hotel , we had a 2 bedroom room for 125 euro a night including breakfast for 3 people , fab price . hotel in great location for ku dam and also for underground stations , hard rock cafe a few doors away and the breakfast is fab , busy but worth the wait , id defo say a good hotel for the money , only down side is no air conditioning , but open the windows its ok .
Great Hotel - Great Location . This is a great hotel in a great location . The staff are friendly and helpful . The rooms are very clean and a decent size . The breakfast offers a huge variety and no matter what time you decide to eat , there is always a good selection . The only negative thing I can say is that the water is a bit on the hard side so take plenty of toiletries with you . I have stayed in Berlin before but this hotel was by far the best . I would definately stay there again .
Great Location , Reasonable Hotel . Bedroom - Palace Hotel , Berlin
Poor service at the front desk . Overall , the rooms are alright at the Courtyard however our stay was overshadowed by the poor service . My husband and I arrived at the hotel early in the morning ( at approx 10am ) after travelling from Venice . . . so we were quite exhausted with the plane and then subway / train travel from the airport . We requested to check - in early however were told that we had to wait for the next available room . We both asked the lady at the front desk ( I should have got her name so that i could 've complained to hotel management ) to call us from the lobby if our room was ready since we had just taken an early flight from Venice ( 6am ) and needed to freshen up so we could walk around the city . After 1 1 / 2 hours of waiting , we went to the front desk and asked again but there were no rooms available still . . . even though we found out that the first lady at the front desk did n't really put a rush on the request ! Then about 3 hours later after we saw many people check - in , we asked the front desk again and apparently they had our key just sitting there on the table ! ! ! ! ! We thought it was very poor service that no one bothered to tell us the room was ready even though there were full aware that we set up ' camp ' and were lying on their couches in the lobby ! ! Then when we got our 2 suitcases out of storage , no one bothered to ask if we needed any help . Everyday we saw a man standing outside the hotel acting like a security guard but not even bothering to assist with luggage or even open the door ! ! Overall , this was very poor service . . . and throughout my 7 weeks of consecutive travelling . . . i found this hotel to be the worst service in europe . I even stayed in 2 - star hotels that had better customer service than this hotel . So be aware when booking , and do n't be fooled by any low prices . Plus , this hotel is out of the way of the main tourist areas . . . . so not really worth it if you want to stay in the central downtown district .
Did n't find much ' Grand ' about this Hyatt . I just returned from Berlin , where I stayed at both the Grand Hyatt and Intercontinental Berlin and I was a bit disappointed with the Grand Hyatt . As with most Grand Hyatts the hotel is well located , and the lobby is impressive . The staff is courteous and professional , but as I 've found with other Hyatt 's throughout the world I also found them too formal and stiff . I stayed in one of the ' Club ' rooms on the 7th floor and the room was nicely furnished and very contemporary . But it was also quite small , and had little closet space . In addition , although I requested a ' non - smoking ' room , and the room I was assigned was supposed to be a ' non - smoking ' , it had a strong stench of smoke and booze that would not go away , and since the hotel was overbooked , there were no other rooms I could move to . The gym on the top floor of the hotel is nice , but not the ' greatest ' gym in Berlin ( I would say Holmes Place as well as others are much , much better ) . Finally , the hotel was very expensive , and definitely not worth it . When I go back to Berlin I will stay at either the Intercontinental or Starwood properties , much nicer and worth their price .
Gorgeous place if you can afford it . Breakfast 3
Great stay . This hotel is in a great location . We traveled in by public transport from Schonefield and it was really easy . The Ubhan is only minutes away and we used it a lot with our welcome card . This hotel is very clean and modern and has the best soundproofing windows i have ever came across , which is great considering the road outside is very busy . The breakfast is very good but expensive at 16euro so try to get the city break rate that includes the breakfast . Walking distance to the river and Berliner Dom and museum island . Overall a great stay
Nice Building - Poor Service . After a very promising reception , our room was disappointingly small for a hotel of this rating without any views . Not did it have any of the normal four - star features like tea - bags , biscuits , pillow chocolate etc . We had to ask for a bath robe . There was no bidet in the bathroom which had an awkward toilet cut - off door arrangement and they seemed to be on a cost - cutting spree here too as they did not replace all the shampoos and soaps daily . On the third day our key would not work and we had to traipse all the way back to reception to be told that our three day booking had mistakenly been entered as two days - for this they did not apologise - and we then were locked out of our room for a further forty minutes while they cleaned the room which they had not bothered to do earlier bacause of the check - in mix - up . The spectalular fish tank in the foyer can not be entered via the hotel - you have to go around several streets to enter it - at a fee . All in all this hotel should be classified three star and they should send the staff on a training course in customer relations . Never again !
At this hotel double - bookings occur , and they just transfer you to another ! I booked two nights ' accommodation for a group of 30 people from South Africa , more than 4 months in advance . Six days before we were due to arrive there , I got a call from them , saying they unfortunately had made a double booking . They proposed a transfer to another hotel , but now we would have to stay in an hotel in East Berling , 15 kilometers away ! For this inconvenience the group would receive a discount of 3 Euro and a free drink per person ! When I declined , a gentleman from the hotel phoned me , to say that , no matter what we do , there will not be place for us in the hotel , and he adamantly added that they can not give us any more discount . In the end I had to accept unwillingly , knowing that quite a few members of the group , flighing on their own , will not even know that there had been a change regarding the hotel in Berlin , because they had left already on their trip . No matter how long you book this hotel in advance , you can never be sure if your room will be indeed available . Stay away !
Ku ' Damm 101 Review A neutral review this one . It 's not that central , or close to an underground train line . It 's reasonably stylish and modern , though is starting to show signs of wear overall - certainly no longer cutting edge . However the room rates are n't too bad , public transport in Berlin is excellent and crucially , it 's stumbling distance from one of the worlds best cocktail bars , the Universum Lounge . One for couples and groups overall I think . I 've stayed 4 or 5 times and never had any problem with staff or any other issues .
Ideal base for short and first - time visits . This is an ideal base if you are travelling to Berlin for the first time or for a short visit and is a better location than nearby Hackescher Markt itself because it opens out into the rest of the city in ways that make it easy for travellers to see the very best of Berlin . Friedrichstrasse is a long street that connects the old west and east sides of the city , and used to be a crossing point when the wall was still in existence . The area has a laid back atmosphere with a few nice cafes and is a good place to return to after an evening out . From here , Hackescher Markt , Oranienburger Strasse and Unter den Linden are within easy walking distance through interesting streets . It is also easy to walk westwards from here to the Brandenburg Gate and onwards towards Tiergarten . Friedrichstrasse station has transport lines running through the east and west of the city and there is also a tram stop nearby so it 's possible to walk out of the hotel , cross the road and get to anywhere in the city very quickly . The S - Bahn from Friedrichstrasse will take you west along this route to Tiergarten and Zoo Garden Station near the big shopping street of Kufurstendamm or east to Hackescher Markt ( one stop ) and surrounding areas . This location is especially good if you are flying into Schonfeld which has a direct train line to Friedrichstrasse station ( allow 50mins to 1 hr ) . The hotel has excellent service ; very good bright rooms that are well - airconditioned ; friendly and helpful staff ; and an excellent breakfast buffet with endless supplies of good coffee and a wide variety of food choices . A good breakfast can be bought for a lot less in nearby cafes so getting value from the hotel buffet is dependent on how much you 're able to eat first thing in the morning . The atmosphere in the hotel is calm and relaxed and there is no discernible noise from the station in the rooms at night because of soundproofed windows . This is an excellent choice of hotel for short and first - time visits .
Dirty bathroom , bad service . The room - on the executive floor - could have used a good dusting . The bathroom was only partly cleaned , especially the toilet was n't . Even after telling housekeeping about the problems , one would figure , they would give the room a very good cleaning the next day - well , that did n't happen . Just the bath tub and the sinks got cleaned , the mirror , glass partition , tiles were very obviously not . We had reserved a non - smoking room and upon check - in the receptionist confirmed the room as non - smoking . Entering the room we had to discover - it was a smoking room . People in our party asked for another room , because of the proximity to the elevator and twin beds ( mentioned in the reservation ) and were told very rudely that 's the room we 've given to you , so you have to take it This is no 5 - star hotel . But with their location and being one of the hotels in Berlin offering a great number of rooms , they think they simply do n't have to work that hard . Very disappointing experience there !
Fantastic staff - perfect base to stay in Berlin ! This was my first time staying in Berlin so I was fairly uncertain about which hotel to pick . After reading reviews on Trip Advisor I picked the Mercure Hotel Checkpoint Charlie as everyone had something good to say about this hotel . The staff was immediately helpful as I sent some emails with some questions which were promptly answered . When we arrived we were immediately impressed by the efficiency of the staff . They also always seem to have a smile on their face all the time which is something we really appreciated . The room we were allocated was really large , extremely clean and very comfortable . I liked the fact that the shower and the toilet facilities were separate to each other . The breakfast was absolutely fantastic and the spread on offer really great ! Unfortunately I fell ill with a bad cold and temperature on the last day and the staff did everything they could to try help me out . We paid for a late check out as we had a late flight back and they let us keep the room as long as possible as they were completely booked up . We were lucky enough to meet the Manager of the hotel and have a chat with him . He obviously takes great pride in his hotel and his staff and is a certainly doing a great job . . . When I got back home I sent an email to the hotel thanking them for our great stay and was more than surprised when I got a phone call back from the hotel thanking us for our email . I have to say this is a first . . I was really impressed by this and would certainly reccomend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Berlin . Well done to all the staff . . . keep up the good work and keep smiling ! ! We will be back on our first trip to Berlin !
great location , incredible views . Hilton - stay on executive floor ( great lounge ) get a room overlooking the Gendarmenmarkt ( beautiful day and night ) . They also have a nice pool and spa but the children at all hours in the pool will drive you to the nudist spa area , which is pretty nice and child free . There are several good restaurants near by . We loved the eastern sector location with it 's delightful walking areas and proximity to museum island and gorgeous neo - classical architecture . The Potsdammer Platz is very times square with it 's glass and steel highrises and heavy traffic . The rooms are very comfortable - typical Hilton decor - nice sheets and good showers . The concierge was very helpful with local restaurants . The lounge had a great breakfast and offered drinks through the day including wine , etc . at evenings with appetizers .
No Westin Heavenly Beds . We stayed in the Westin Grand Berlin in July 2007 . In spite of the fact that the reservation we made through the Starwood Hotels website said our rooms would have Westin 's renowned Heavenly Beds , we found that only a few suites actually have the beds . The beds we were subjected to were firm to the point of being like sleeping on a sidewalk . Had we not been told in advance how wonderful our stay would be because of the Heavenly Beds , we might not have been as unpleasantly surprised . The beds and fitness center made it definitely not like a usual Westin stay . The pool was lovely but the work - out room was small , dimly - lit , and hot . There were only two treadmills ( one of which was broken ) , a Lifecycle bike , and four computerized weight machines . There was also one ratty , old floor mat . Almost everything in Germany had English translations , but not the machines there . With the highest breakfast prices we 've ever seen , it would have been nice to have in - room beverage stations / coffee makers like one usually finds in Westins . There 's a fantastic deli across the street where we purchased breakfast for four for half the price of a single continental breakfast at the hotel . The hotel had two positives : the concierge service and the location . The room price was actually pretty reasonable .
Nice hotel . The Savoy is a very nice hotel with antique furniture but still a kind of trendy look . Rooms are very spacious but most bathrooms are in urgent need of remodelling ( the existing ones are dating back to the 60s ! ) . The staff is very friendly and efficient . The only real downside of this hotel is its bar : It is a cigar bar and there are always some people inside smoking cuban cigars which makes the air inside unbearable . Sometimes , the smoke is drifting through the lobby and makes the whole place very unpleasant . There is no non - smoking section in the bar and quite frankly , if you are not a smoker yourself , it is better to avoid the bar . They do serve drinks upon request in the lobby and you better ask them to do so . Breakfast is great .
New location in the old heart of Western Berlin . The Concorde Hotel is situated at the famous Kranzler - Eck at the Kurfrstendamm , the old heart of ( Western ) Berlin . The Swissotel is located vis - a - vis , the entrances of both five star hotel are facing each other . Compared to this hotel , the Concorde might be the smarter choice . The rooms are more spacious and well equipped . No espresso machine like in the Swissotel , but a free an fast internet connection ( LAN - Cable available at the quick responding concierge desk ) on the rooms . Spacious and luxurious bathroom , great open closet and a expensive but well fitted minibar . State - of - the - art design meets a friendlly and helpfully staff . Good rates via Internet travelling - companies ! You should take some minutes for searching the Internet and you will find a great value for your money . Ideal location when you have to work or visit the Western part of Germanys capital , not so good if you want to get to the political centre Berlin - Mitte . But the great and world famous department store KaDeWe can be reached within a six minutes walk !
Good location , poor hotel . Stayed in Hotel Am Zoo for 2 nights at end of Jan ' 07 . First impressions were good , location right at heart of the city , close to bars , restaurants and transport links . Unfortunately , the good first impressions were gone very quickly ! We had ordered a double room , but were given a room with 2 single beds which could n't be changed as hotel was full . Staff were completely unhelpful and treated our request for a room change in line with our booking with a shurg of the shoulders ! Room we had was cold and very noisy due to closeness of railway . Hotel overall has seen better days and is in need of refurbishment . Breakfast was good and served til 11am at weekends . Overall , I would see this as a fairly good 3star hotel but quite far short of the four star we had been expecting .
Nice place to stay ! Booked this hotel after reading reviews and was not disappointed . Stayed for 3 nights , asked for a room at the front , view of the Oranienburg Strafze , which we got . Check in was easy , very helpful and polite staff , all spoke English well . Rooms were smart , very clean , and the open plan bathroom / shower set up was great . Flatscreen TV , DVD , CD included , plus A / con . The full drop windows at the front were very revealing , so care should be taken when drawing the curtains , otherwise the whole street will see you in all your glory ! Paid 270 for 3 nights , booked with Venere , com . Breakfast was buffet style , with a good selection , cost 12 euro 's per person . We did not have this with our room booking and found lots of nice cafes in the surrounding area that were much cheaper , although we did have breakfast on the Sunday for convenience . The hotel bar was nice but a bit expensive for my liking , 8 + euros for a basic cocktail , but it did not stop us enjoying a night cap or two . The hotel is located in Mitte and very handy for the tourist attractions , Reichstag , TV Tower , River Spee etc . , with trams running right past the doors of the hotel . All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonable hotel in a good location
An excellent , 4 star property . My second stay at the Grosser Kurfrst was as enjoyable as the first , a year ago . Excellent location - calm yet only a 10 minute walk from the Museeninsel , with the U - Bahn in front of the hotel . Friendly staff at reception , bar and breakfast . Nice lobby with bar . Clean , quiet and comfortable rooms . The building is clear and bright . I will most definitely return here . Try and find a web deal ( I booked via Hotel [ - ] ) : during Summer rooms can be booked for as low as 59 euro ( and that includes breakfast ) .
Stylish , Spacious . Our perfect hotel is one that offers a central location to the attractions we want to see - with spacious , comfortable rooms and good service . art ' otel , Mitte in Berlin definitely fulfilled these requirements . Our room ( superior double ) was very spacious and extremely comfortable - with a bath for relaxing those tired walking muscles . The onsite restuarant was also excellent - supported by good advice on local eating establishments when we wanted to venture out . The Hotel is less than 1 / 2 block from the closest U Bhan station - but is situated in a quiet street . Walking time to many sights ( Unter den Linden , Gendarmenmakt , Deutches Museum , Checkpoint Charlie , Nikolaivertel etc . was less than 15 minutes - while virtually everything else was easily accessible by U - Bahn , starting almost next door .
Probably Not Your Best Choice . Our first trip to Berlin , so we were unfamiliar with the city layout . But we were drawn to the design of the Art ' otel . Yes , the public spaces are nicely designed , as are the rooms . But the rooms are small and not very functional . And the location is definitely out of the way ( although there is an U - bahn station just a half block away ) . And we were really put off by the tourist buses and groups . Not really our scene . If you do end up here , be sure to specify a room at the back of the hotel . The ones on the front are very noisy .
Good hotel , poor location . Whilst the hotel boasts all the usual facilities ( minus a pool ) that you 'd expect from a hotel of this standard , the location is poor for what is described as a centrally located hotel .
A truly awful reservations experience . I use TripAdvisor.com regularly so when I saw that the Radisson SAS Berlin had been rated the number one hotel in the city I was confident I would be in for something special . Instead I was in for 8 international calls to the hotel and the central reservations number because the people I dealt with firstly reserved me rooms on incorrect dates and secondly failed to send me any kind of confirmation . I 've now resolved the issue and am just hoping that my actual stay will prove less stressful than the reservations process . Based on the evidence so far , this will be a triumph of hope over experience .
Luxurious and Friendly ! my personal wake - up call !
not first class , service lacking . The hotel staff was generally unhelpful . Rooms look worn and bed linens are not changed on a daily basis . Soap was never replaced during my 5 day stay ( they were too small to begin with and I only received one small one for bath and sink ) . It was a huge struggle to get a nice room , rooms were in need of repair . Not a 5 star hotel in any way . Would not stay again .
Average . After reading the reviews on trip advisor i was looking forward to staying at this hotel . On arrival the hotel was easy to find , just 3 mins walk to the tube station . Very efficient staff at reception , gave us the key to our room . The room was very small but very clean . It stated all room had mini bars but we did not , we had room 106 and appeared fine , however we were over the courtyard ( the back of the hotel ) early hours of the morning we were woken every night by screaming drunk students who rolled in after a night out . This hotel is a non smoking hotel and eveyone wishing to smoke uses the courtyard right outside our bedroom window . The hotel was full of students and school trips , one night we had to unpolug the phone as we were getting hoax calls all through the night . The room is also next to the stair well so that was constanly banging on our wall . My friend and I are both in our mid twenties and like a drink but the students were very annoying and put me off of writing a good review . Maybe it wasw partly our fault as we could have asked to change rooms however we were only there for 3 nights . Good location and very good breakfast buffet , but wouldnt reccommend unless you are a deep sleeper . REccommend a trip to the concerntration cam to sashenhausen !
Outstanding breakfasts ! Lux 11 Berlin
warning about this hotel ! We were booked to stay at this hotel for 3 nights and were looking forward to it , having read the positive reviews on this website . When we arrived we were told that the hotel has a policy of overbooking rooms and that they were overbooked and we were to be moved around the corner to the Olivaer Apart Hotel . It is a 3 star hotel and just as good she said . Although we did not get to see the Agon Opera , we know that it had been refurbished and had air conditioning . The Olivaer is a hotel much in need of refurbishment . The bed and shower room were clean , but the sofas in the room were very grubby , the sink was cracked , the shower door was hanging off . Also the carpets in the corridors were stained . Not my idea of a pleasant hotel . The breakfast was OK but it was a real bun fight with tables very close together and someone knocking the back of your chair every so often . There is no air conditioning and we were overlooking the main road so it was very noisy . Be aware that this might happen to you !
Two - tiered booking system . View of the lounge in the lobby
Wonderful Hotel . Just returned from Berlin , Germany and the Savoy Hotel was quite nice . Be prepared that most Berlin hotels do NOT have air conditioning ! The Savoy only has room suites on the 6th floor with air conditioning . We upgraded directly with the hotel . Our suite was decorated tastefully with Chagall prints and very comfortable . The hotel 's cleanliness is superb . The 6th floor however , is NOT non - smoking ; I was concerned about this , but it was n't an issue . They have a wonderful hot breakfast buffet that was included in our stay , the dining room is elegant ! I would certainly stay there again . The staff was very pleasant , and the location was perfect . I booked the hotel online before our trip . + + + +
5 Stars for deco but 2 Stars for Service . We booked a non - smoking room and found that we had been allocated a smoking room of very inferior quality but managed to change to a vastly superior room the next day by the skin of our teeth . That evening we reserved a table for the Fish Buffet for 8pm . Arrived at 8 promptly . We eventually managed to be shown to our table and ordered wine but only afterwards to discover all the food had gone - nothing left except the dregs ! The waiter seemed not too bothered . I questioned him why he had taken our wine order surely knowing full well there was no food left . He seemed less than apologetic and asked for payment for the wine ! I complained at reception and we were offered free cocktails . On the day of our return , with time on our hands , we decided to take the train to the airport and were advised by the bell captain to go via Bundes Platz to Schoenefeld . Taking his advice was a big mistake - there are no trains to Schoenefeld via Bundes Platz on a Sunday . This hotel is badly in need of a manager who knows what is going on in the place .
Impeccable . We were given a very warm welcome when we arrived at the lobby of the Swissotel . It is a rather unusual set up whereby you have to get into a lift to go up to the reception area for check in . The lady at the reception greeted us as soon as we got out of the lift and the check in was quick , without any hassle . The room is large and comfortable . We love the bathroom , very modern and clean . If you are a espresso lover , well this is for you . There is an espresso machine in the room . It is easy to use and the quality of the espresso produce by the machine is good . A very thoughtful gesture on the part of the hotel , by providing a good range of stationery for the guest in the room and you can use the keyboard to send email in the room . The location is great , within walking distant to the Christmas market and all the nice shops . In fact , we walked to the Tiergarten and beyond , to the Berlin wall , Check point Charlie etc . As for restaurants , there are a few very nice restaurants nearby , especially the ones referred to by the hotel . We really enjoyed our breakfast there . The yoghurt is great . A great selection of pastries , breads , fruits , salads , cold meat ( great smoked salmons ) , and lots more . We will gladly stay here again and if in doubtful , we will choose to stay in Swissotel in other cities .
Too Fabulous For Its Own Good . Directly across the street from an informal bus terminus the hotel is also very convenient for the U - Bahn into town and some points in the East on foot , but quite a walk away from the heart of things . The staff was friendly and tried to be accomodating , but could n't give me a non - smoking room for the first night , nor an internal room , and I was woken by the early morning firing up of the local bus service ( a courtyard - facing room is essential unless you have industrial strength earplugs . ) The rooms are small and ill - conceived . Too much attention on ' fabulousness ' throughout the hotel ( the public spaces are sleek and unwelcoming ) and not enough on basic guest comfort .
Children Controlling the Business Centre Computers . Great location and fantastic breakfast ( man reviews said to skip this but we found the hotel to have a comprehensive offering ) . Two problems : computer access and TV channel choices . There is no CNN or BBC offering so that there is really no way you can be in touch with the news if you do n't speak German . While the hotel is kind enough to offer 2 computers in their business centre , this centre is in the lobby next to the kiddie area . The policy of the hotel is for persons over the age of 16 to use the computer , but every time one goes down to the computer area there are children under this age on the two computers . Finally you may get a computer , but do n't be surprised if some kids show up and start harrasing you to get off the computer . It is an outrageous situation that I have not experienced anywhere in the world . The hotel should give a password out to guests that check - in or at least program a time - out to avoid this frustrating situation .
Great Hotel . My wife and I had a very pleasant stay from 5th Feb to 8th Feb . The location was ideal with easy access to the subway and not too far from the Zoologischer Garten Station Hence it was easy to move around the city . The staff were all very helpful and friendly . Breakfast was great ! Good place to stay
What 5 - star ? I booked online and got a great rate . Upon check - in , I was shocked at the room we received - - very stripped - down . It was like a 3 - star hotel - - of the Quality Inn level . No amenities at all . . . there was one pump in the shower that was a body and / or shampoo . The towels were so thin and coarse . I was really shocked , and a bit disgusted . I asked to see the manager and she was polite was but did not acknowledge the problem until I became very specific about what I expect from a 5 - star and what I am receiving . With a bit of insistence , she moved us into a 4 + - star room . Here there were individual amenities , albeit cheap ones - - not luxurious by any means , robes , and the room just seemed genenally cleaner and brighter . I agree with another reviewer , that they have rooms for those that book a cheap rate and other rooms for those that pay the rack rate . At any rate , I have no idea how they can call themselves 5 - star .
Not for non - smokers ! If you 're a non - smoker , do n't stay here ! Although I was on the nonsmoking floor ( 5th ) both the hallway and my room smelled of smoke . Why ? The door of the cigar bar on the ground floor is left open and the smoke wafts through the hotel . Housekeeping leaves your windows open to air it out . One evening I returned to my room to find both windows open . The rooms need a re - do . The hotel was remodeling the 6th floor while I was there . Also , as it 's near the Zoo rail station and the windows are not double - paned you will here trains all the time . The location is great . The restaurant staff is wonderful . The front desk staff was great during the week but the weekend front desk staff can be rude . Next time I 'd stay at the more modern Ku ' damm 101 ( owned by the same owners ) or the Kempinski Bristol down the block .
Not bad . Stayed here for three nights on our first stop of a 10 day Germany tour . Berlin was more of a tourist attraction for native Germans , sort of like what Washington , DC would be for Americans . Could see most of what you would want to see in about 2 days . Nice , clean and recently renovated hotel . Rooms were very spacious and modern . We got a separate room for our two boys age 19 and 11 but they could have easily stayed in our room with an extra cot . Location was fair . A little bit of a hike to the center of attractions near the government buildings and museums . Public transportation system , however , is outstanding and very easy to use . Couple of nice coffee shops in area so do n't waste your euros on hotel breakfast , way to expensive . Staff helpful except for one person who I think had difficulty with the English language .
Ok so long as you are not expecting 5 star . I had a mixed experience in relation to this hotel . Overall found most of the hotel staff to be very responsive , helpful . We also found the location to be very good for sightseeing , shopping , etc as well . I did however find the following to be very disappointing : The bed was very uncomfortable , old The air conditioning was turned off , even though it was cold outside our room was as hot as a sauna . The only option was to have the window open all of the time which made sleeping impossible due to noise from the street below . The bathroom was very dated disappointing , in particular I could not believe the shower was in a 5 star hotel . Bathroom hairdryer is impossible to style your hair with , it took me 4 calls to the concierge before an alternative was provided . Sometimes the staff on the concierge desk spoke almost no English which was frustrating . I am a very frequent traveller , I would not rate the hotel experience we had as 5 star , something on par with a 3 or 4 star but certainly not 5 star .
Better hotels in Berlin than the Concorde . I stayed a weekend in Hotel Concorde in middle of August . I booked this hotel as it was said to have the most spacious rooms in Berlin . I could not believe that the de luxe rooms really had 50 square meter . Because of all the wood and the outlay of rooms , rooms seem much smaller . Staff at reception is not friendly - more on the side of efficient - how can you enjoy your stay if you are not welcome . This seems a perfect hotel for businesspeople or groups but not for individuals . Although the architecture is phantastic , this hotel is not my No 1 choice - undoubtedly this is the Hotel de Rome . There are much nicer hotels for the money in Berlin ! And Kurfrstendamm is not the No 1 location , this is Gendarmenmarkt . Here are a lot of hotels and mostly better . I would not go there again !
Disappointing with a good location . Spent 3 nights recently at the Artotel Berlin Mitte . It was supposed to be a designer hotel , I have searched for the design , but I have n't found any kind of design in the rooms . May be the restaurant have something , but the rooms are poorly decorated , with common furniture . The bed was not very comfortable . In the bathroom there is only liquid soap with two small towels . Do not expect any kind of luxury at Artotel Berlin Mitte , it is only a basic hotel , but with a convenient location ( 50 meters from the metro , 2 metro stations from Alexander platz ) . The breakfast was good and the staff friendly .
Bleak House OK . Not sure if we were staying in the same place as some of these other reviews but we were sorely disapointed by this hotel . We tried three rooms before we gave in and settled for a room on the fifth floor . On the plus side it was a large corner room but it was so sparsly furnished that it looked very bleak . A large area had one small chair and a broke - down , tiny table that would have shamed all but the most ill - kempt of patios . Quite what we were supposed to have done in this area was anyones guess . The desk was badly damaged and the walls in all the rooms were in dire need of a lick of paint as they were really heavily marked ( a charming if somewhat unsightly reference perhaps to the graffiti which mars the city ) . Not all of the rooms have fridges , and do n't rely on any toiletries ( two sachets of some kind of Do - it_All detergent ) . There are limited tv options for the English speaker ( CNN BBC World ) but a hairdryer can be obtained from the grim and spartan lobby which much like the Ku ' damm itself has an air of neglection about it . The pleasant girl at reception suggested that we fill in a feedback form , hinting that she and her colleagues were aware of the problems but that management were not . The breakfast is your standard continental affair and the staff do thier best to keep things in order when it gets a bit busy ( around 9 . 15 - 10 . 00 ) . All in all , could do better . The shame is that it would n't take much , just a lick of paint and some suitable furniture . Instead management seem content to let things deteriorate . . . . . . pity .
Rooms vary largely . Encouraged by the positive reviews posted earlier and the room rate of EUR 54 per night on accomline , I have booked the Agon Frankfurter Allee for a three night stay from 30th Dec ' 05 to 2nd Jan ' 06 . On the booking website , you could choose between twin and double room and we choose a double . However , we were given a twin room instead . When I asked the hotel staff , they said that they never distinguish between double and twin bookings and just assign rooms for two persons . They also do n't care about smoking and non - smoking requests . Even the room they claimed to be a non - smoking had a strong smell of smoke which is no wonder since there was n't any sign indicating that this should be a non - smoking . Since we insisted on a double room ( instead of the twin given ) , we were moved after the first night . You should know that even their double rooms have two separate beds which are just put together . The rooms vary greatly in size and layout . The blanket and pillows were so thin that even putting the radiator to maximum , we were freezing the whole night and caught a flu ( the temperatures outside were below zero degrees centigrade ) . Another problem was the security of the hotel . Since the entrance was half a floor higher than the reception , you could just walk in and take the elevator to the guest floors without passing at the reception . There were also no in - room safes available . In the showerroom , there was no hairdryer provided and it took me a day until I found out that you could borrow one at reception . However , you will need to place a 10 EUR deposit . The hotel was mostly frequented by travellers in their twenties from all over the world which added to the atmosphere being a bit hostel - like . One nice touch should be mentioned : There is an internet - computer available near the reception which can be used free of charge by hotel guests . The location is not so central . You will always need a subway ( station is nearby ) which takes at least 15 minutes to bring you to Alexanderplatz . For those unfamiliar with the Berlin subway system : It is quite complicated . Trains appear dirty and I did n't feel really safe at night . However , since the attractions are spread out widely , you will have difficulties to avoid it anyway . A few nice restaurants ( my recommendation : a Thai restaurant called Lemongrass ) can be reached within a few minutes of walking around the hotel . Overall , the hotel is ok for a short city trip , but do n't expect anything comfortable as some other reviews suggest . The saying : You get what you paid for holds true : Clean and relatively new , but standard budget accommodation .
Solid Choice . Stayed 3 nights in March . All amenities associated with a good business hotel at an above average level . Excellent fitness room , though I did not use the spa / pool . Great location , a short walk to shopping many popular points of interest ( e . g . Brandenburg Gate , Reichstag , museums , checkpoint charlie ) . U - bahn station directly in front of hotel for easy transport to attractions farther west . Note breakfast and 24 - hours of Internet use were an extra 22 euro each .
Well maintained , but no luxury . The hotel has a convenient location , just off Friedrichstrasse which is the main shopping street in the centre of Berlin . The hotel is midsize , and combines some features of a big hotel ( such as wireless internet in most rooms and a rather big and nice lounge ) with some features of a small hotel ( notably the bar is tiny and the breakfast room not impressive ) . The hotel rooms are remarkably spacious , with large windows in most rooms which makes them very light . The size of the room allows such things as placing the desk and tv set in the middle rather than in a corner , which makes working the room certainly more pleasant and less cramped . The furniture however is a bit dull and IKEA style . In fact there is not much furniture at all . But what is in the room is well - maintained and well - cleaned . Just do n't expect any special luxury , and you wo n't be disappointed .
Save up for one more star ! ! ! ! THIS IS WHAT KEPT ME AWAKE ! ! !
Beware Hotel 's Charges . Hotel is well - situated near main attractions , restaurants and shopping . Room was clean , well furnished and serviced promptly . The room air conditioning had a hard time keeping up with the warm temperatures in Berlin . The restaurant ( Mark Brandenburg ) was over - priced and had marginal food . The hotel was overrun with meetings and groups . There was an unexplained , additional Hotel charge of 8 Euros that appeared on my credit card statement . I challenged the charge in an e - mail to the hotel , and followed up with e - mails to the Hotel ( twice ) , HiltonHonors and Hilton corporate . None of these Hilton entities have had the courtesy of even responding ( no less reversing this charge ) in over a week .
Good location - nothing special about the hotel . Work area .
Hotel Berlin , great but smokey . Lounge area
Do n't need a map to find it ! Recently stayed there as part of a group of 21 blokes on a stag trip . Very convenient location to explore the eastern side of the city . Rooms are functional and business - like , with amazing views over the city ( I was on the 16th foor ) . Breakfast was typical European fare ; not the best . I 've experienced because of the vast numbers of people the hotel caters for , but a good range and perfectly adequate enough to start the day . Thoroughly recommend it for large groups needing a city base because of its 24hr access . The best feature was the fact that wherever you are in Berlin you can see the hotel ; especially important at the end of a big night out !
a disaster . Arrived at the reception with a party of 12 to find that the reservations had not been processed and our rooms were not ready , this was at 1400 were then told to come back in four hours . . not good so far . On returning to the hotel to be told the reception did not know if the rooms were ready . this was a lie we kew this because a member of our party is involved with the hotel industry and he spotted the unprocessed checkin documents on the reception desk . . ! we had to wait another two hours befor we were even told what was going on . reception was a mess . when the manager was asked for the receptionist was sent out and was very rude and unhelpful in the mater . While we all found the staff in general very nice and helpful . reception and management was arrogant and rude i could not recomend this hotel as a good place to stay in berlin . In my opinion this hotel did not give me the four star experience i had paid for and left berlin very dissapointed .
Best bargain on our whole trip ! We ( family of 4 incl . two older teens ) spent a month in Europe and I would have to say for the Euros spent and the class of accommodations and service returned the Mercure Hotel Residenz Berlin am Checkpoint Charlie was by far the best deal on our whole trip . At 137 Eur per night prepaid including taxes with no cancellation , no other hotel we stayed in came close , particularly in price , cleanliness and appointments . The Mercure Hotels is a mid - level price hotel chain which is part of the umbrella chain of the Accor Hotel Group which includes the Sofitel , Novotel , Mercure , Suitehotel and Ibis hotel chains as well as a number of others . The hotel itself is at the northern edge of Kreuzberg , one of the districts of Berlin ( one fantastic city by the way ) , that has been undergoing renewal for the last 15 or so years ( as many formerly East Berlin districts are doing ) . This one happens to include what was Checkpoint Charlie and remnants of the Berlin Wall which are only 3 blocks away from the hotel . The location is really quite good and it was quiet , day and night . The building itself if fairly new , but then so many newer German buildings are so well built ( I 'm an architect ) and maintained , it could be 10 years old , but seem like 3 . It is part of an entire city block that was redeveloped with several internal courtyards which the hotel looks into . The block itself was designed by one of Italy 's most renowned contemporary architects , Aldo Rossi . The Mercure Hotel moved into this block about 3 or 4 years ago from what I was told . In the immediate area are a few nice restaurants ( a nice German / French restaurant called Entrecote is a block away ) and there are quite a few cafes and local eateries and Starbucks around Checkpoint Charlie . To the north about 4 - 5 blocks is a trendy restaurant and bar neighbourhood on Charlottenstrasse which includes the Helmut Newton bar with it 's titillating supergraphic and the classic Lutter and Wagner Restaurant serving good higher end German fare . Parallel and a block west of Charlottenstrasse is the classy shopping street Friedrichstrasse which has a bit of a 5th Avenue feel and includes Galeries Lafayette and a lot of designer boutiques . Transport is close with S - bahn stops ( buses ) and U - bahn stations ( underground ) at Checkpoint Charlie . There are also S - bahn stops 2 blocks to the north on Leipzigerstrasse . With these you can go virtually everywhere in Berlin making for easy access to all the popular tourist sites , cultural venues , parks and shopping districts . Our hotel room was on the 6th floor with the 7th being the top . We basically had two large full bedrooms , fully carpeted connected by a wide corridor off of which there was a full tiled bathroom and a powder room and the entrance . We had two TVs and since the suite spanned the width of the building , tilt and turn windows at both ends of the suite . The suite was very comfortable , spacious and clean . All the appointments in the room were of good quality and worked well . The mattresses were ok , not sumprtuous by any means , but very adequate . We never ate any of our meals at the hotel even though the breakfast buffet looked tempting . However this is where I make my only gripe about the Mercure Checkpoint Charlie and that is the price of 16 Euro for the breakfast buffet , which was the only choice . As we found in our research and travels in Europe , hotel breakfasts are very expensive , at least compared to what we are use to in N . America . True to German tradition , there is a well managed bar off the lobby that caters to patrons late into the night . Internet was available in the lobby on the house computer , which was at times occupied into the late evening hours . Staff were attentive , spoke very good English and were always eager to show you where you wanted to go . The hotel did not seem particularly busy in late April , but people were always coming and going . It 's not a convention hotel and I do n't recall seeing an exercise area . Would I go back ? Yes and no . Berlin is a must see so I would certainly go back to Berlin . If value was a top priority Mercure Checkpoint Charlie is a no brainer . Knowing the lay of the land now , I might choose a different location just to get a different flavour as there are so many different neighbourhoods in Berlin , like Paris ' sarrondissements . You wo n't be disappointed with this hotel if you get a good seasonal rate . If it was 200 Eur , there would other selections to consider including other Accor Hotels . Oh and two of many must dos . Go to Ka De We department store to the food floor , it 's a gourmet 's fantasy and take a Fat Tire Bike Tour ( Berlin is dead flat with dedicated cycling lanes ) from the base of the Fernsehturm ( huge radio / observation tower ) , it 's better than an open bus tour .
GREAT CENTRAL HOTEL . Room 616
no color , no taste . If you 're in Berlin for business , then it 's OK I guess . Very asseptic hotel with so - called modern rooms , not very much to my taste . Felt as if I were staying in a big factory . . . In the room , you have two side openings for the shower and the WC with NO DOORS ! ! If you share the room , make sure you know the person well . And this was a superior room . The smell from the WC and the shower was not welcome . The furnishing was very poor and tasteless . The breakfast was OK , with lots of choice , but too crowded . The hotel is in a very good location , close to the train station and other city attractions .
A bit of a monstrosity . This is not a bad place to stay , it 's very near public transportation and has clean and spacious accomodations . The service staff at the front desk were very helpful . There were a few minor irritations , however . The bizarre shower in our room leaked all over the floor of the toilet and sink area . The television reception seemed to run off of antenna and was subpar . The bar / cafe in the lobby breezeway had free Internet if you were eating or drinking , but they did n't take credit cards or allow charges to the room . What the hell ? Who does n't take credit cards in a major European city in a major hotel anymore ? The other complaint is just the sheer size of the hotel and the size of the groups the place attracts . It reminded me of the days of the Hotel Rossiya in Moscow . You 'd see 4 tour buses pull up out front and all of the sudden the lobby would be full of 300 new check - ins and you 'd have a devil of a time using the elevator or just walking out the door . Also , adjacent Alexanderplatz is undergoing massive construction that has fencing up all over the place . It really makes it a hassle to get in and out of the place .
Very nice . Stayed only one night . The staff were happy to accommodate our last - minute request for hypo - allergenic bedding . Breakfast was a great way to start the day on the 7th floor - it was a shame we were in a hurry to catch a flight back to NYC and we did not get to relax and enjoy it as much as we would have liked . The hotel is not super fancy or upscale , but it is clean and the value for money was definitely there . We got a great deal from www . tablethotels . com and would definitely stay here again .
Good Location . We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights on a quick trip to Berlin . We were on the 26th floor and had a room looking towards all the major sites in Berlin , the view was fantastic . The hotel is very easy to get to from the airports . We landed at Tegal and caught the TXL bus straight to Alexanderplatz - fantastic value at 2.10 EURO . If you have a day pass , this trip is included in it . Rooms are not huge and as mentioned the shower and the toliet are in little glass cubes , rather than in one separate bathroom . The room has a minibar and small fridge . Check in and check out was fast and friendly . We did n't use any of the other facilities at the hotel .
Worn and Noisy . We found it worn and noisy . Is a remodel in the future ? Prices reflect what you get . You may be well advised to try another address . . .
Hilton Berlin - It 's fine . . . We stayed at the Hilton for two nights at the beginning of December . The hotel is well place in the city , with a U - Bahn station right outside the door ; this makes everywhere very easily accessible . We were also right next to one of the Christmas markets , which was handy . The hotel itself is fine ; it is a fairly typical four star hotel , without any features to really set it apart from the rest . The lobby is grand in it 's size , and is quite impressive . We were given a smoking room , and the staff were happy to move us to a less smelly non - smoking room when we asked . Throughout the stay the hotel staff were all very helpful and polite , and of course all spoke excellent English - as usual compounding my misery at being uni - lingual ! Our room was clean and of a good size and the bathroom was very nice . The minibar was well stocked and priced at the usual OTT rate ! The swimming pool and gym were both excellent , although I still can not quite believe they charge 11 Euros for a Sauna . . . Breakfast was excellent , with a very good selection of food and very good service . The hotel restaurants looked nice , but we did not try them . Probably my main criticism with the hotel is it 's size - the hotel is very big and somewhat impersonal . Checking out at 10 . 55 on Sunday was not a good plan , as all six queues for reception were enormous - this could of course have been avoided by getting up earlier or doing express check out . The last time we stayed in Berlin ( June ) , we stayed at the Ritz Carlton paid a similar price to the Hilton ; on our next visit we will certainly go back to the Ritz Carlton , as it is that bit more special .
Perfect Location . A great hotel in a perfect location . On the main shopping street and within walking distance to nearly all the sights and the nightlife . The staff were really friendly and accommodating giving us a late checkout on our last day . The U - Bhan / S - Bhan system is very efficient and cheap too . Berlin in really cheap for food and drinks ( even more so than Prague ) and everyone is friendly and helpful . I thoroughly recommend this city to anyone ! !
Not very clean . I have just returned from a five night stay in the hotel . Arrived early and left my luggage at reception . They do have a room for storing luggage and this is where my case was kept . The room itself was ok but the area around the bath had mold growing on it . I pointed this out to both the reception and the cleaning staff . Nothing happened . On the third day I tackled them again about the problem . Explanation given was the cleaning staff are Chinese and do not speak either English or German so they could not guarantee the problem could be resolved . I insisted on changing rooms and was eventually given a room on the executive floor . That room was much larger but with worn and dirty carpet . The breakfast buffet is adequate . The internet access is like a small telephone box with no seat . Location is quiet but the U bahn station is not on a main line and you have to change trains twice to get to Zoo Station which has connections to most places and the 100 200 buses stop there . It is 20 minutes walk to the hotel from there or 5 minutes by cab . Cost 5euro . Hasir restaurant on the corner of the street is very good .
Nightmare Awful . Located in the old East Berlin amongst abandoned and / or decrepit apartment buildings . No cafes or shops within safe walking distance . First room smelt of urine and cigarettes , asked to be moved to luke - warm reception . Was on the 8th floor , but very noisy . Felt unsafe , was so happy to check out and get to Hamburg !
Too noisy . Well located and nice rooms but too noisy ! ! ! they organise private parties on the seventh floor of the hotel , so it is impossible to sleep on the fith and sixth floor unitl 3 am in the morning ! ! be careful with this fact ! ! it ruined our holiday in Berlin ! !
Absolutely terrible . My husband and I stayed at the Westin for three nights . We had booked a non - smoking room but were given a smoking room instead . Our room was down a long corridor with three dead lightbulbs , which we pointed out but were not replaced during our stay . As soon as I arrived I went to wash my hands and I the head of the tap came off . The fridge door became unhinged as soon as I opened it . This would have been funny were it not because we were on a rare break and , in addition , the room was tired , smelly , had a stained carpet and a stained armchair . The net curtains had not seen a washer in a long while . The sheets were not changed for three days and one the them had a suspicious rosy mark on it . However , the worst thing was the level of service ( or rather the complete lack of it ) . We were not given another room and had to wait until the next day for the tap and fridge to be fixed . I asked for the sheets to be changed three times and I was told they would be , but it never happened . Reception staff were plain rude and even the manager told me ( I still ca n't believe I heard this ) that they had given us a smoking room , even if I had asked for a NS one because I happen to be Spanish and most Spanish people smoke ! We tried the pool to relax ouserselves but after waiting for 15 mins to get some towels we gave up ( a single lady was managing the beauty centre and the whole pool area ) . The following day we were lucky with the towels , but found the poolside furniture dirty , We were never given any apologies or signs of regret for the shortcomings we had to deal with . A frustrating and depressing experience . I had to pinch myself to believe it was actually happening .
great bed ! When you arrive , we stayed between the 23 / 05 / 08 - 25 / 05 / 08 , you straight away notice that you are in a luxury hotel . I liked that the bell boy was a young German woman . Check in was a bit confusing as we did n't seem to be speaking the same English . We had booked a regular room b / b . When we checked in we asked for a nice room with a view , so she offered us a superior room or an executive room with free internet for 70 euros and breakfast in the executive lounge , as we here staying 2 nights we thought this was a good idea , so we took this room . Only when I was signing did I realized that it was 70 euros per night . So my husband said no thank you . Then after a few minutes of us thinking we understood the reception lady we agreed to pay 100 euros extra for 2 nights . Only to have our key taken away and told that we would have to wait a few hours for our regular room ! So we explained again that we did want the executive room . As a club member I was told that the card number was not written on the room reservation even though I had called the week before to check and I did n't like that the reception lady did n't try and help to find my number , luckily I found my card later . I must say she was polite all the time and I did n't like the feeling of that she must have thought that we did this deliberately to get a better price . Now for the good stuff , the room was great ! On the 9th floor , room 976 . The bath room was the size of most hotel rooms ! ! It came with a separate shower . The view was of eastern Germany ahead . Potsdam square to the right and Brandenburg gate to the left . Nice big TV and a big cupboard but the best was the bed ! ! ! ! King size with the Marriott special bedding , we just came from the Marriott Leipzig , so we knew how good the bed was but no one told me how much we would miss it when we got home ! ! I think we will have to buy one ! The room has a floor to ceiling windows of which one can be opened . Which was very nice and made us realize how sound proof the room was , we could not hear a thing even though it 's on a busy road . We did not use the pool and gym as we did n't have time but everything looked to Marriott standard . The executive lounge was clean , mostly quite and with nice nibbles in the evening as well as free alcohol at this time . I did notice that there were free soft drinks , beer , tea and coffee during the day . There is also a room with 3 computers for the internet and a room with a big LCD TV . I even found a quick read romance novel there ! ( which I read and left there ) . First morning we had breakfast downstairs in the main breakfast room because we thought that we wanted more salad and fried eggs but the mess and the queue was not worth it , so the next day we had breakfast in the executive club and felt it was much better . While staying at this hotel we did n't take any transport , we just walked around the area . There is so much to do in the area and even if you have shopping you can just pop back to the room , which is also a problem if you rest for a minute on that great bed ! ! You can easily take a quick nap . On the corner of Potsdam platz next to the Ritz Carlton is a good , cheapish Italian kind of fast food restaurant where get a credit card then go stand in line and order your meal e . g . ravioli with mushrooms or pizza that they make in front of your and then swipe the card , you can sit outside on the square or inside and pay at the end . Good food . Diffidently enjoyed this hotel and will go back .
A fantastic stay . Exterior
like home for 3 weeks . Before my husband and I left Berlin which was home for us for 2 , 5 years , we stayed at the Swissotel for 3 weeks after moving out of our apartment ( the furniture was on the ship back to the States ) . The staff said , we would probably kill each other after two weeks in a standard room , so they upgraded us to a suite without additional charge . Our room had a view over Kurfuerstendamm , which was really nice , although we had to have the windows closed basically all the time due to the traffic noise ( but we wanted the view for our last three weeks in Berlin ) . The service was awesome , the staff is extremely friendly and professional . Everything was taken care of . It was super - clean , we loved the turndown service at night and the fresh fruit on the table . The breakfast buffet left nothing to be desired . When I mentioned my gluten intolerance they brought gluten - free bread for breakfast every single morning ( did I mention NO additional charge . . ! ? ) . We go back for vacation next spring and will stay at this hotel again . The location is perfect - close to bus , underground and train and in walking distance to every wonderful shop , restaurant , bar or department store on Ku ' Damm . We highly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure .
Very Pleased With My Stay ! Just returned from three nights at the Arcotel Velvet . On my previous visit to Berlin I had stayed in the West , off Kudamn . I much preferred staying in the East . The A.V. is very well located between an S - Bahn and a U - Bahn Station ( only a few hundred feet ) so travel anywhere is easy . Bought a three day pass for all public transportation for only 22 Euros . The A.V. is modern , clean and efficient . I had a back room so did n't have the large exposed windows and my bathroom was traditional and self - contained . Decor was attractive and modern . DVD / CD player was handy . Service was polite and efficient . Did n't take the breakfast as it seemed a little expensive for a buffet . Very close to a McDonald ' s , a Kemp 's ( a German chain serving pastries and sandwiches ) and many restaurants ( particularly Thai ) . Overall very pleased and would stay again .
Greedy at the expense of residents . Whilst the hotel is functional rather than luxurious they are willing to disregard the needs of normal residents to pander to the corporate function market . A conference at the hotel will mean that you are denied access to the main public areas such as the bar and will have your movement around the hotel restricted even if that does mean walking around the hotel in the rain . . it is clear that they value the corporate custom much more than that of individual travelers . Whilst it may be a business decision to do so the independent traveler should be aware of where they stand in the hotel 's regard .
Surprises . A surprise 5 day anniversary trip to the Ritz Carlton Berlin was absolutely fantastic . Our room was turn - right - out - of - the - lift - and - count - 23 - chandeliers . . . We were on the club floor , fabulous and ideal for the family gathering . Enthusiastic and genuinely friendly staff made it feel very special . The highlight was our exquisite meal in the Vitrum and the piece de resistence ? Lowered lights , the music from our wedding , a very special cake decorated with candles , and suspended on choclate tapers a breath taking diamond ring ( that bit costs extra ) . Worth it , oh yes . I 'd recommend this hotel unreservedly .
Could have been much better . Maybe i simply expected too much , but i stayed 4 nights in this hotel on behalf of the reward program . This reward in reality made me feel like a 2nd class guest . I always thought a company should treat their loyal customers with excellence . Too bad , for them !
No place like Mercure Hotel . in the center of all the happenings . close to the beautifull Gendarmenmarkt and Checkpoint Charlie . very helpfull and friendly staff . beautifull rooms , big and very clean . very various breakfast . buy tickets in the hotel for the hopp on hopp of tour . i 'll definitely go back again .
rooms are simply awful ! I stayed at the Grand Westin several times . If you get a deluxe room ( yes , you are right : deluxe room ) you will hate this hotel . Lobby and location is perfect . Service is so so . I 'm a Starwood Platinum Member and they did n't upgrade me ! They said it was a congress like Berlinale or so . The rooms are so old fashioned , stinky and noisy . Bathrooms are even worse . Dont go for the pictures on the starwood internet site . In reality , rooms look different ! ( and much worse ! ! )
Poor bathroom . We had no major issues with the hotel itself but the major problem with the room was the bathroom or the lack of it . The layout of two cubicles ( one shower , one WC ) and a sink in the room undoubtedly saves space and looks modern but creates a few problems . You had better be very friendly with your room - mate as the toilet and shower are practically next to the bed and there is no privacy at all . Our open plan shower over - ran into the room causing a flood each time it was used - not unusual to have a flooded bathroom floor in a hotel but when this is also your bedroom floor you have a bit of a problem . We were on the 32nd floor of the hotel and had a great view over the old east side of the city . The hotel can be seen for miles around so finding it is no problem . The immediate location of the hotel on Alexanderplatz is convenient to access Berlin 's excellent but sometimes confusing transport systems . The TXL airport bus will get you to and from the airport for 4 Euros ( remember to buy and validate your ticket as we were asked for them by plain clothed inspectors ) . There are a few nice shops , a Burger King and a large department store only a few steps from the hotel but you might find a longer journey is required to get a nice meal . Overall the location is too far away from the main sights and shopping areas of Berlin which are mainly in the old west side .
Terrible Hotel . The service at the Alexandra Hotel was rude and slow , especially on reception . When I sat in the cocktail lounge for a drink , I had to wait for ages to be served ( along with several other tables ) . The staff tend to be young and inexperienced . The single room I had was very small with a sloping roof and despite only having a small single bed , there was n't even room for for a desk . None of the special touches I am used to a hotel of this rating ( I had to ask for toiletries because I had forgotton my shampoo but this is something I normally do n't need to concern myself with in a 4 star hotel ) . No clock radio was provided which meant you had to rely on the facilities provided with the TV but all the instructions for the audio / video equipment are in German and no - one gave me the wakeup call I asked for . The hotel is understaffed and staff 's knowledge of English is n't good . All in all a very big disappointment !
Nice hotel , shame about the noise . First impressions were of a really nice hotel , in a great location , with pleasant , helpful staff . We had asked for a quiet room and were pleased to be allocated one at the back , given that the hotel is on a busy street . Unfortunately the noise from the surrounding bars and clubs kept us awake all three nights we were there , well into the early hours . One night , at 2am , it was so bad I had to take the mattress off my bed and drag it to the small corridor by the bathroom to get some respite . A great shame as otherwise the hotel is good value for money and I would have been very happy to go there again .
Save your Holiday . I can begin by saying this trip was for 14 people paid in advance months befor and was a three day two night break . Upon arrival our details for our hotel accomadation had not been forwarded to the hotel so we were not expected , a fair mistake not the hotels fault . We were kept waiting as we were told we might not be able to stay , the hotel at this point was empty so what is the problem . The staff were extreamly rude and persisted in ignoring everything we asked untill we gave up and went to our rooms . First night On getting changed i went downstairs to meet the other people in our party . I went up to the bar / front desk were a german man sat doing some paperwork , pollightly asked for a drink only to be screamed at that he was trying to work ( got no drink and went back to speak to my party ) . We left the hotel and went around berlin , on returning the security gaurd was so rude and in our faces that we were all left speachless . Morning Me and some ofthers make our way to the bar / front desk again this german man resides working . We ask again for a drink ( which we are paying a lot of money for , and being a large group i mean a lot of money ) only for him to stand up lean over the counter and scream the bar is closed and he does n't have time for us . At this point i respond that we paid to be here and it is his job to serve us . We got our drinks and our change was thrown on the counter , my friend left picking it up off the floor . Second night We arrive in the lobby ( by the stairs the lift was broke ) to find a film crew shooting for the hotel and were told we could not leave or speak . We could not get a drink and had to wait 30 minutes to get out as the back door was locked to stop people wandering in during the filming . At arrival back to the hotel the doors were locked so we pressed the buzzer only to be confronted by the security gaurd screaming abuse in german because he did n't understand we were guests . not even an appology At this point without rambling on you can all see the pattern , this hotel has the worst customer service of any i have ever been to . The rest of the trip was good but how this filthy hotel was given 3 stars is beyond reason for all FOURTEEN people who stayed . Most hotels in europe if not all would see fourteen people as a goldmine . I must emphasize at this point that at no time was any member of our group rude or obnoxious back to these people , we found the experiance amusing at best A LIST OF THINGS NOT TO DO AT THIS HOTEL ( LOL ) Do n't ask for a drink Do n't ask for change Do n't ask for directions Try not to go back when security is on Do n't ask is there anything else for breackfast when you are presented with what they give you ( very poor ) . Enough ! ! ! My review ends with me honestly trying to help my fellow freinds on TA . Under no cecumstances stop here , the place is terrible and in my oppinion a hostel would be better than wasting your money on a somewhat dodgy three stars .
Better than the RC Powersocurt , not as good as the RC Osaka . Last week I spent two nights in the Ritz Carlton in a Junior Suite ( 410 EUR per night , breakfast an extra of 28EUR ) . The hotel is part of the new Beisheim Center , built in elegant american architecture style and it includes the Ritz Carlton , office spaces , apartments and a Marriott Hotel as well . The Beisheim Center is owned by Otto Beisheim ( 80 years old German billionaire , founder of the Metro trade group ) and located on the Potsdamer Platz , the former nomansland , where the Berlin Wall went through . I arrived at the hotel around 11:45am , albeit the early time , my suite was however ready . The problems started when I tried to enter my room - the keycard did n't work . So I asked somebody from the hotel staff , who was walking by , to open my room . I entered the room and had the intention to phone the reception desk to bring me a new card - unfortunately the phone did n't work . None of the 3 phones in my room . And 20 minutes already passed by and I was still waiting for my little piece of luggage to arrive in my room . So I went to the reception desk and asked for a replacement of my keycard and the whereabouts of my luggage and told them to get my phone working . After 10 more minutes my luggage arrived and I decided to try the spa and fitness facilites of the hotel . The swimming pool is rather small , just enough to refresh yourself . Two hours later I was back in my room and the phone still was n't working . I got dressed and left the hotel , stopping by the reception desk , and told them again to fix the phone - which they did at an unknown time later that day . Some other annoyances : No LAN / Fax / phone / electric socket right on the writing desk in the room - it 's all on the floor under the desk , so you have to crawl around . And no WiFi in the room . I think this is unacceptable for a brand new built 5* + hotel . The suite itself is really nice . They did a great job in building this hotel but the service and some other details need improvement . FBWe ordered in Room Service for dinner as our dinner plans fell apart at the last minute . We ordered very simple food - - a cheeseburger with fries , french onion soup , a chicken panini , and caesar salad . The food was decent if not again aggressively salted . The meal was fairly timely ( late by 7 minutes ) but was not very hot by the time it arrived . Breakfast : The quality of the breakfast was decent but nothing mind - blowing . Service was awkward and not particularly attentive . Eggs were cooked to perfection and the coffee was excellent . Service I understand that we visited at a terribly busy time but fundamental service gaffes pervaded the hotel part of our stay . I think the hotel can not handle the volume of business for its size and it most certainly did not handle the chaos very well . I had to prompt the hotel at almost every step - - the service was not effortless or intuitive ; at best , it was reactive and only when prompted . We had requested turn down at a certain time , but housekeeping came at their convenience . When we asked her to return later , we were told that she could not come back . Such issues marred what could have been a wonderful stay and should not have happened at a hotel of supposed calibre as the Ritz Carlton .
below average Hilton . We stayed at Hilton Berlin in early June , 2006 . We are Diamond HHonor memebers , so were upgraded to executive room on the executive floor . The room is average looking , with motel style bedspread and decrative pillows . underneath the bedspread , there are 2 twin comforters , which is wierd for a queen room . Bathroom is average looking too , with mold smell . concierge not helpful and very unfriendly . executive floor representitives are cold too . we stayed at many hiltons worldwide , we feel this is a below average hilton , especially for it 's service . we defintely will try other hotels when we return to berlin next time .
Bad experience ! ! ! This is not a bad hotel , but I had here one of my worst experiences ever . I stayed at the Agon Opera for 5 nights during February . Upon arrival , I noticed the huge windows of the room were all dirty with heavy dust , paint and gaffer tape - from INSIDE ! For 5 days , I 've talked to 3 different concierges - they all apologized and said they were going to take care of it . Nobody did a thing ! Manager was never on the hotel because he lives far from the city and is always very busy . On my last night there , I threatened to call the police and the concierge eventually had me the manager on the phone . He could n't care less about the situation ! ! !
beware before you book . everyone beware of this hotel before you book . i was planning a month trip to europe including berlin which i was very excited i had gotten my dates confused and booked a week earlier by mistake being six months in advance i noticed and called the hotel to just simply change the day i was checking in they was so rude and refused to change my dates for which i was charged in full already nor would they issue a refund to me which i am very upset and after this i wouldnt stay there if it were free and the rooms look very dull and plane by looking at other peoples pictures . i just cant beleve that any place would do this to a paying customer if their customer service is this bad i can just imagine having a problem with the room and what they would do to solve it nothing probally
Steve . Please read this before before booking your break away in this hotel . All together we were a group of 8 on a 3 night stay in Berlin as part of a package starting from Thursday through to Sunday . We decided to book an extra night online and arrive on a Wednesday . When we arrived at the hotel , the reception staff appeared to be very unhelpful , I would say to state they were not friendly would be an understatement . So we proceeded to check in , or at least attempted to . The receptionist then informed us that dispite booking on Expedia with this hotel , they were not expecting us until the following day , where 3 nights were booked . Instead they told us that we were in their sister hotel for 1 night . We were told to go , the only instruction given was to turn right outside door and straight down . After about ten minutes of lugging our luggage around we found an old building which later we found was the sister hotel . Walking in the hotel was dirty and dated . Our hotel room was really not an improvement . Very basic facilities with dated furniture . We had a small fridge with a mini bar , which had a selection of 6 drinks . The hotel was situated in a seedy part of town . The bathroom was small . The shower sprayed more water over the curtian then into the bath itself , each time after taking a shower the bathroom floor was soaked . We decided to go back and urgue our case . We booked the Berlin Mark Hotel and not the Appt Berlin Mark Hotel . When we went the back the unhelpful receptionist 's told us that in fact we were expected there and not the sister hotel , we should never have been sent away . Although it was there error , they actually still refused to move us , they told us it was too late to be moved as we had already checked in . We asked to speak to a Manager for help , they told us to take a seat . After about 15 minutes we re - approached the receptionist as nobody came out to see us , and were told that there was nothing they could do , despite it being their error . We gave up and returned the following day for the remainder of our stay . The hotel was not much of an improvement . Room was very basic with the same features of the old Appt Berlin Hotel . Breakfast was always busy . Tables were hardly ever cleared from the previous people and by the time a fresh pot of coffee arrived , or your milk did - it was time to leave . The service was dreadful . Throughout our stay we would often liase with recpeption staff , but again they were always unhelpful . They appeared not to want to help you , and was always a real effort engaging with them . Not once did they smile . A memeber of our group was sent to another hotel to iron her eveining clothes - when she returned stating that she could not find hotel they directed her the hotel opposite . They could have done this at the begining instead of sending her on a hike of the backstreets of Berlin . So , if you are not looking for service , unfriendly staff , basic facilities then I recommend you book this place ! Please do not be fooled by the pictures on the internet - If you book this hotel , please expect an ' Allocation on Arrival ' service as you will have no idea where you will be placed .
Nice . Staying one night in Berlin for attending a conference we - or rather my boss ; ) - decided to go for the Art ' otel . Fair price , nice stylish Andy Warhol Design elements , nice people working there and and a good night of sleeped located close to the Ku ' damm . I surely will consider it as an alternative when returning to Berlin .
Great hotel service but with few flaws . My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Palace Hotel in Berlin . The location of the hotel is right on Kurfrstendamm and very close to the Zoo and Gednknich kirsche . We stayed in one of the renovated rooms after recommendation from Tripadvisor . This was a good recommendation . We had a direct view over the zoo and to the Fernsehturm . The room is modern and has a good size . The beds are rather hard . The hotel has a high standard : There is a good pianoplayer in the bar area at night . The service from the staff is more than excellent . They certainly live up to the standard of The leading hotels of the world . The only minus is the additional costs . Internet Connection is rated to 22 Euros per night which is very high . The prices in the bar are approx . 50 % more expensive than in a restaurant . The pool area is fantastic but the pool was rather cold and we therefore only used it once . You have to pay to use the sauna area .
Good location . Bathroom
modern hotel , in the heart of east berlin . modern hotel , in the heart of east berlin , very clean , strange atmosphere though , Didnt feel very welcomed , so many international travellers in hotel , English spoken by most of the staff . Rooms were very good , modern , clean . Hotel Restaurant very good but exspensive . Overall good , Very Typical modern city hotel with over 1000 rooms
Great location ! Stayed at the Park Inn for four nights in May with my husband . Would probably say it is a smart 3* rather than 4* , but we had a very pleasant stay there . The bed was especially comfy and no , it is n't weird to have the two separate mattresses and duvets for a double bed , that 's what they 're all like in Germany ! The toilet and shower had one ' shared ' door ( in fact we did n't work this one out until 30 mins . before we checked out ! ! Doh ! But the ' open plan ' style of the room allows little privacy , so probably best you stay there with someone you 're at least vaguely intimate with ! Fantastic location , you can virtually roll out the front door and straight into the U - Bahn . Alexanderplatz is also a central station on the S - Bahn line and is direct to and from Schnefeld airport .
Sweat over small stuff . The room was superb and the service is good as you would expect from a 5 star hotel . Only 2 things I wasnt quite happy about : - no complimentary water . They left 1 bottle of water but it is chargable at euro - for toilettries , only provide ' hair and body shampoo ' and ' body lotion ' They are small issues but with the 5 star price I pay , I cant believe that they are so stingy on these small supplies ! I wont stay there anymore .
A great deal and nice area . For 88 euros a night ( double room ) , this hotel is an excellent value . The lobby is n't very impressive , and we were a bit worried as we headed up to our room , but it was fairly modern , clean and had a nice view down to the road . I had read that the street was a bit noisy , but we found it to be very quiet actually . Slept VERY well . This hotel is also dog - friendly , though there are n't any parks very close by . Secure parking is available in the garage next door for 11 euros a day . Overall , we were very pleased with our pick and would definitely stay there again .
Very cool hotel . This hotel was very modern and sleek . Beautiful , well - laid out , albeiit small rooms . Fantastic breakfast with an incredible selection of meats , cheeses , yogurts , breads etc . And , as a non - German speaker , the staff were uber - helpful . Great location in front of a u - bahn stop .
Decent hotel . Nothing too exciting about this hotel , but nothing bad as well . Location is fairly good for tourists - Nearest metro and the main shopping high street is just 5 mins walk away . To get to most of the attractions though you have to go to Mitte area but for a good price ( under E100 ) , this is a nice place . ( We really enjoyed walking on the main street and actually would prefer to stay here than Mitte - the cafe scene is really nice ) . Negatives - We got to hotel at 11am but they would not let us check in before 2pm . We had requested a crib for our baby but we got a rollaway bed . Our room was on the main street so we did hear a bit of traffic noise but it didnt really affect our sleep . We didnt have the breakfast as it seemed too expensive and there are so many cafes nearby that one can go to that it didnt seem worth it . Overall the hotel staff was very accomodating and helpful and I would recommend this hotel to people who want to stay in a good standard hotel at a budgeted price .
Poor Service . Booked at this hotle over a month in advance . Upon arrival was informed that our room was unavailable - ' there was a problem ' . We were transferred to another hotel having been told that there has been an issue with their computer ( and that 25 other people were also affected ) . Substitute hotel was poorly located for us and , as a consequence , our first break to Berlin was ruined . Staff at the Alex Plaza were unhelpful and had a ' could n't care less ' attitude . We got the strong impression that ' tourists ' were very much secondary to ' business ' guests . Very disappointed .
pretty much ok . We stayed for 4 nights in the Park Inn Berlin in January 2007 . We 've been to Berlin a couple of times before , so we already know a few hotels in the city . Our first choice ( schoenhouse appartments ) was already booked and since we booked the night before we went most places in the city were booked . This is how we ended up at the park inn . Now the hotel itself is located right on the Alexanderplatz and very near the TV Tower . It 's not the most beautiful area of berlin , but you 're close to all the public transport , close to Hakkischer Markt ( nice area ) , well you 're pretty central in berlin so that 's very good ! The hotel does n't look very charming from the outside , but the rooms are pretty good , with ( if you 're lucky to get a room on a higher floor ) great views of the city ! The rooms are n't very spacious , but sufficient . I do n't think we 'll come back to this hotel , but all in all it is n't a bad choice .
Aweful service , overpriced , bad mangement and disappointing rooms . First I have to say : we love boutique hotels , booked them all over the world and do not mind to pay the usually a bit steeper price for nice rooms . But staying at the Lux 11 for three nights was one of the most disappointing stays we ever had . The service was very poor to say the least , arriving we were treated more as annoying invaders rather than greeted as guests . Fhe first appointed room was not their standard square room in this category , but a corner room , that way the actual usage space of the room was tiny , no space even to put one bigger suitcase . After complaining we learned that all the other rooms in this category were booked out . We were only offered higher category rooms , for a much higher price . The prices were even much higher than the price we would have paid on the website through which we booked our room . Pointing that out to the front desk manager we were told that he can not give us the room for that website price , since they will sell these rooms anyway for the high price . Eventually they downgraded us to the lowest category room . That room was still a bit bigger than the corner room in our booked higher category , but still was tiny tiny tiny . It was facing the street , even though the hotel advertises its windows as sound proof , they are not . The noise of the traffic will wake you up very early in the morning . Within three nights , we never did not get our normal category room . On top of it the personal was very rude not only to us , but to a biz partner who called in and afterwards he was connected to the wrong room . All together the rooms are not really stylish , just trying hard and even more tiny than we experienced in Tokyo or Hong Kong island and totally overpriced . The bigger rooms are ok , but even more overpriced ( starting from around 300 US Dollar without breakfast ) . The internet charge is 40 Euros per day , about 60 US dollar . The service is poorly to say the least , up to being rude . Apparently we were not the only ones making this bad experience his was the first hotel were the management decided to downgrade us , after figuring out they do not have a decent room in the booked category - even though they had other rooms available . Our advice : Do not book Lux 11 it really spoiled our stay in Berlin ! . .
Rude young manager . Terrible Service from this man The hotel itself is not bad but there are serious problems with the lifts . I misses my bus because i got stuck in them and had to stay stuck in them for 30 minutes . Then when i complained to a young man ( possibly a manager ) at reception he lauaghed and said i had only been waiting for 10 minutes . this man then refused to pay for my taxi or compensate me for my misses bus to Poland . The service of this man was the worst i have ever seen in my life and it was plain rude to actually tell me i was only in the lift for 10 minutes . The lift was broke with me in it for half an hour ! I had reported this from as soon as it broke and when i complained that i missed my transfer he laughed . I have never seen such bad service in all my years of travel . I will be writing to the manager and complaining and also be asking for compensation for my missed connection . Absolutely Awfull service from a young male worker
Dishonest Housekeeping Staff . While the hotel was okay with big rooms , the housekeeping staff was dishonest . First . The day we checked out , I accidentally left a magazine in my room , when I came back for it that same day , my magazine was gone . According to the receptionist , the housekeeping had not reported that any items were left in the room . I am certain that my magazine was left in my room which leads me to the conclusion that it was taken by someone from the hotel . While it may be just a magazine , the fact that it was taken reflects badly on the character of the staff . Second . We borrowed a CD from the reception and left it in our room . When we came back in the evening , it was gone . We do not understand why the staff took it away from the room without telling us . Worse , the hotel was going to charge us for the CD if we had n't told them that someone had taken it from the room without our knowledge . I would not recommend this hotel on the basis of the above incidents . Moreover , this hotel is not really centrally located .
Impossibly small room for two people . Beware that the so - called standard room is so tiny , two people need to take turns walking around the room . The hotel claim that this is a standard room for two is based upon the size of the bed which nearly fills the space of the room . Berlin Plaza has no air conditioning and windows open only part way . On the plus side , hotel does have a GREAT location and is clean .
Try to avoid at all cost . We joined a tour group out of Singapore to Eastern Europe and our last stop was Berlin . Very very unfortunate for us that Park Inn was fully booked and the tour agent booked this hotel . Firstly the impression we got from the room was that it is not a hotel but looks more like a service apartment . THe room and hallway has a bad smell . the toilet to our disgust still had the remains of the previous guest ! ! ! The front office staffs were very RUDE indeed towards our guide and us . They even lock us out of our room when we got back 1 hour late . Try to avoid this place if you can . We will certainly not go back there .
Family trip to Berlin . We stayed here for three nights in two adjacent rooms . The location is excellent for access to the station ( i . e . it is the next building to Freidrichrasse station ) . However despite the double glazing the noise of the trains is ever present . So if you can sleep through the noise the location is perfect for the public transport and only 10 minutes walk away are Brandenberg gate , Museum Island and definietely worth visiting is the Reichtstag . In fairness the double glazing does knock out 90 % of the train noise , with all windows shut . The hotel staff were friendly and made an effort to show good service . The rooms were spotless , with room service each day . The bathrooms were ample with soaps and shower gels , decent shower and bath . The breakfasts have fruit and yoghurts , cold meats and cheeses , cereal and / or a full cooked breakfast . We chose to eat evening meals at Restaurant Cafe Pepita on Unter Den Linten ( 10 mins walk from the hotel ) . The menu caters for Italien , Spanish and German food with the menu being in German and English . The food was excellent and served promptly . The staff were very friendly .
Not that great . Mall on Fridriechstrasse
Worst hotel ever . Smells bad . A very bad hotel . To avoid . First , the location . It 's not that good for the center attractions and not well connected to public transports . Second , the staff . Very arrogant , not helpful at all . Finally the room . Kind of small , bad furnished and without any air - conditioning . I have stayed 7 nights and they just changed the sheets once and I think they never changed the towels . I have to refer to the most disgusting thing in this hotel . The bathroom have a open sewer of a kind , next to the bathtub that exhales the most noxious odor . And this was true in my bedroom and also in the other bedrooms of the hotel where fellow Portuguese travelers stayed . I most warn everybody to avoid this hotel . They have n't no English instructions for the phone , they do n't have a proper luggage deposit , our luggage just stayed in the lobby and anyone can open it or take it . ( We tried the last part and they did n't care )
Excellent location and very clean front of hotel
Excellent hotel . Could not disagree more with previous reviewer . My wife and I loved this hotel . We arrived at exactly 12 . 00 noon and were allowed to go straight to our room , 3pm is the official earliest time . The staff were extremely helpful , the room was spotlessly clean and very quiet , a wide choice of complimentary breakfast is served until 11 . 30 am ! ! ! at weekends , the location is very central - 5 mins walk to nearest station and this is all for 75Euro / 52 . 00 per room per night . We have stayed in some real dumps at twice this price ! The staff will also look after your luggage on the last day if you have a late flight as we did so that you can make the most of the day without having to drag lots of luggage around town . We had a great trip to Berlin and this hotel is one of the reasons for its success . Top marks ! !
Awful Experience . This was supposed to me the first stop on a 3 - leg European trip . As soon as I arrived I knew things were not going to go as planned . The front desk person informed me that there would be no towel or maid service and after checking into the room , I noticed there was no airconditioning - - making the room unbearibly hot . There were also mildew stains on the uncomfortable concrete tub and the room was anything but warm and inviting . This place is a joke - - I ca n't imagine anyone finding it alluring . The staff is unprofessional and unfriendly - - the place has the charm of a prison . Within 5 minutes , I asked to check out . The front desk person pleaded with me to stay , but leaving was one of the smartest decisions I 've ever made . Checked into the Westin - - stayed in one of their brand new spa suites - - and had one of the best stays of my life .
Good standard value without frills . Good standard Mercure hotel ; well located within walking distance of the Mitte business and govt district and the restaurant and bar areas of Oranienburger Strasse . Very competetively priced , like most Berlin hotels . A no - frills chain product ; can be recommended without second thoughts .
Modern Hotel fairly well located for sightseeing . Stayed here for 5 nights on sightseeing holiday of Berlin . The hotel sits on the site of the former Berlin Wall and a 15 minute walk away from Checkpoint Charlie . Underground station nearby too . The immediate area around the hotel is not appealing , but for the price , it is well located for those who prefer to walk to the sights . A more expenisive Marriott is better located but is twice the cost ! The hotel itself is understandably modern and has underground secure parking for residents . The rooms are comfortable and the shower was pretty good too . Breakfast is a good quality , hot and cold buffet . However , it was strange that guests are charged to use the communal internet computers . If you 're here for the sightseeing , then this is a pretty reasonable hotel to stay .
Horrible Treatment . I have never been treated so poorly by hotel staff . Let me start by saying that I had pre - payed for 2 rooms for 3 nights beginning on the 9th of June 2008 . We had just arrived from a long haul flight from Vancouver Canada , we were dead tired and travelling with a toddler . When we arrived at the hotel I was told by the check - in lady that there was a problem which was nothing bad and that her colleage was coming to talk to me . This colleage was the assistant front manager named Antje Kuschel . We were informed by Antje that the hotel had made an overbooking error and would have to relocate to another hotel in the area . All of my efforts to explain that I had booked the Cocorde because I specifically wanted a new , modern hotel with large rooms were in vain . I was told that the hotel was all full , and inspite of the fact that we had pre - paid to stay there , we would have to move . There was a convention taking place in the hotel at the time ( Hewlett Packard ) . After buying us complimentary drinks in the restaurant , we were sent to the Streigenberger Hotel down the street where we were told that we were being given deluxe rooms , an apparent upgrade from the standard rooms which we had booked at the Concorde . The rooms at the Steigenberger were terrible . The beds were queen sized ( not the king which I had booked at the Concorde ) , the rooms old and tired and the curtains did not cover the window and had big holes in the blackout . None of this was the fault of the Steigenberger , they made every attempt to accomodate us and find rooms which made us happy . Antje never checked back to see if we were indeed happy or made any effort to accompany us to the new hotel . We were simply dumped there . That evening I returned to the Concorde and spoke with Antje once again . She was made aware of my unhappiness with the substituted hotel rooms . She apologized profusely and said that she would absolutely get us moved back into the Concorde the next night . I asked twice if she had our contact info , she said yes , she would get a message to us at the Steigenberger ASAP . Long story short , I NEVER heard from her again in spite of checking front desk messages and voicemail repeatedly . Two days later I returned to the desk at the Concorde in order to ask Antje what had happened and was informed that she had been off for the last two days . In my opinion , the Concorde never had any intention of attempting to make the situation right . The whole experience was horrible and ruined our trip to Berlin . This hotel seriously needs to rehtink how it handles its booking process and customer relations .
A disaster waiting to happen . . . After check - in we were shown to our room which turned out to be a garden studio when we had booked ( paid for in advance ) a management suite . Nobody told us at any point that we were not being allocated our correct room it was only when we were shown to our room queried the type of room given that we were told that the hotel was being refurbished that this was the only room available . After much discussion and disappointment we were finally assured that we would be upgraded the following night given a complimentary bottle of champagne . There were no other rooms available on our day of arrival . Totally dissatisfied with the deception lack of customer focus on arrival we felt we had no option but to accept this offer . First morning in our new suite we were woken at 7 . 00 a . m . to the sound of drills and constant hammering . Following our call to reception we were told that the hotel was undergoing ' emergency essential maintenance ' there was nothing they could do . Basically , we had to put up with the noise and disturbance . However , the same occurred on day 2 and day 3 - at precisely the same time ! In the meantime , on day 2 we discovered a bag of dirty working clothes behind the curtains in our room - obviously overlooked by housekeeping not a very good indication of their levels of cleanliness ! The bathroom only had one bathrobe , one pair of slippers , insufficient shampoo shower gel was generally shabby . Overall , we were extrememly disappointed with our stay in The Mandala . We paid for and expected 5 - star service accommodation but actually experienced far less . The staff were cold uncaring and really did little to ease the problems we encountered . Stay there at your peril ! ! For us - never again . . . . . . .
One of the best we 've stayed at . Melia Lobby in Berlin
good value for money .
Strange Shower Arrangements . Stayed in this hotel recently . Situated in east Berlin right on the slightly seedy square . The hotel staff are very effecient and friendly . Food in the restaurant is reasonably priced and very good . The twin bedroom turned out to be a double with two duvets . The en suite consisted of a washhand basin in the room partitioned off from the shower and wc by semi - opaque glass - an astonishing arrangement which gives little or no privacy . Shy couples beware ! Great views from the rooms do n't really compensate .
very unpleasant place . very unfriendly staff . Strange rules , you can obtain your reserved room before 4PM . Not very clean , generally , this hotel looks already tired . Small room , cold atmosphere and a pretentious design without means for that . I do n't understand why such a place is recommended by some of the prestigious traveller magazines .
Clean , quiet , convenient . This was my second stay at the Mercure Hotel Berlin an der Charite , and on both occasions I 've found that it met my needs and was generally good value ( it was booked for me by a colleague I was visiting ) . As a woman travelling alone , I also appreciated the fact that I felt safe here . Location : convenient for public transport , for access to the main station ( Berlin Hauptbahnhof ) , and for the Humboldt University of Berlin . The staff are all helpful , efficient , and speak good English and in some cases a number of other European languages . Rooms are spotlessly clean , showers are good , and beds are comfortable for one , though I agree with a previous reviewer that for two tall adults the double beds would be a little cramped . Bedroom lighting : good in comparison with many hotels where it 's insufficient . Heating / cooling : when I stayed in early June , Berlin was experiencing 30 deg C temperatures , so I kept the window shut and used the air - conditioning - very effective and quiet , if not very environmentally sound . The breakfast buffet is of good quality and offers plenty of choice . Minor criticisms : 1 . I would have appreciated a safety - deposit box in the room , and a kettle etc . to make hot drinks ; however I appreciate that this facility is less common on mainland Europe than in the UK or US . 2 . Internet access was convenient , fast and reliable , but very expensive at nearly 20 Euros for 24 hours , unless you just wanted a few minutes ( 0.3 Euros per minute up to 1 hour in any 24 hour period ) . A budget / mid - range hotel should really offer better deals than this . Otherwise , a good choice for this area of Berlin .
Good hotel and a good stay . This is a little gem of a place . It was cheap , the room was huge and comfortable , in a good location with great little restaurants and bars dotted around nearby and the staff could not have been nicer . We had a great stay over the three days we were there and could n't recommend it higher .
EXCELLENT . beautiful room all i got ta say that it is an excellent concept of a hotel chain . there is a review from this guy describing the room , i definately agree with him . the room was beautiful , it feels like a studio , really funky design . they give you free croissants and coffee , tea in the morning and free 15 minute massages on thursdays which left my husband really relaxed . the location was good too ! very happy and reasonable price ! definately stay there !
Worst hotel experience in recent memory . I had to attend Berlin at rather short notice to attend a large conferenece of lawyers : INTA . All the good hotels in town were completely booked out which left me the Alsterhof as my only option . I arrived about 10 am and was told my room was n't ready . No apology from the staff just a statement that it would be ready at 1 maybe 2 . Surly staff behind front desk but very nice fellow who acted as doorman during the day . No air - conditioning , characterless rooms althought they were clean . My mini bar was locked and it took 12 hours to get a key to it . Depressing and not to be recommended .
Great design , less than average services . I have stayed here several times . This is one of the best designed hotels that I have stayed in anywhere in the world at any price . To top it off he price is not bad either . If you want to splurge the suites are great , the double rooms are not bad either . I would only change the height of the bathtub ( it is too tall to get in and out of easily ) . The location is great with easy access to transportation . Unfortunately this is where the good ends and the bad begins . This is a hotel designed to represent the 21st Century but has few of those features . Wifi only in lobby and does not work well . Hot portion of the breakfast buffet is generally cold after 9 even though they serve till 11 . On a previous trip they ruined a new jumper ( sweater ) just bought at Etro down the street and after being contacted the management referred me to Austria to their corporate offices who said that they would check into my claim and get back to me . I am still waiting .
A Hard Review To Write . Stayed for 3 nights and have mixed feelings about this hotel . I booked a single room - big mistake . It was no bigger than a matchbox and did n't even have a wardrobe , just a small rail that pulled out from the end of the bed , which was set against a wall . The bed was quite high and the draws for clothes were below the mattress . So no closet , no chest of draws and a room the size of a phonebox . I complained but was told nothing doing , hotel was full and I got what I 'd paid for , a single room . Breakfast was adequate , but the worst I 've had in all my trips to Berlin . It had all the usual , egg , bacon , cheeses etc but no smoked salmon and was not great for a 4 star hotel . It done its job but did n't make you want to refill your plate a second time . It was n't all bad though . The actual hotel is very nice and has a quite expensive feel about it and as mentioned by others the location is superb . I always try to stay near the Kudamm , and this is on a quite street just behind the KaDeWe . I could n't have wished for a better spot . A supermarket and some very nice restaurants a 2 min walk away with Zoo station a 10 min stroll . The staff were very friendly and helpful apart form one ( there 's always one ! ) but this was the guy I complained to so we probably got off on the wrong footing . The rest were fine and pleasant . Would I stay again ? If the price was right and only in a double room . I would trade the breakfast off for the location which again is excellent .
Decent choice - but a few bugs in the service . I had expected more from this hotel . It is well situated and has an impressive lobby , but the room was a little small with a tiny bathroom . When I returned my main course in the restaurant because it was unacceptable ( lobster the size of a prawn ) , they still expected me to pay for it . Had to talk to the manager to sort that out . Also upon check - out , they got the costs of my stay wrong , trying to charge me 200 more then Radisson reservations had booked the room at . Luckily I had a printout of my confirmation . The lobby staff where not all that helpful , they could n't tell me how to turn out an annoying light in my room , or the cost of the movie service . All in all not the usual Radisson service . Have to note though that the doorman was VERY HELPFUL .
Lousy Hotel . Reasons why we will NEVER stayed at LuX 11 , EVER AGAIN . Hotel staff is full of attitude . Concierge is not available 24 hours . The sink in the room is not practical at all . So is the shower . Water splashes everywhere whenever we take showers . No one is available to clean the daily garbage . No soundproof in the room . You can hear every single foot - step of people who live above you . Awful Lousy ! ! ! I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL AT ALL .
Smelly . . . . Stayed here for a weekend in Februaury . Fantastic location . Everything within a stones throw of the hotel . The only problem was the smell . Our carpet had been washed and was damp for the whole weekend and they would n't change our room for us . It smellt so bad we could n't stay inside for long , just to sleep and i had to buy air freshener so that it would be bearable . The staff were unfriendly and not willing to help us . Berlin is a fantastic city and the people are so nice , it was a shame that the Park Inn did n't reflect this .
good value for the money . Stay there for five nights . The hotel is located on a main noisy road but in a nice and elegant neighbourhood . There are lot of cosy and smart restaurants and cafe in the vicinity - lots of dining options . The staff are very nice and helpful . The room is very basic , large enough and clean , but a bit cold and not so intimate . We check one hour before offical check - in time and they charged us for an extra 5 euro for it ! ! ! - we checked out 4 hours before time and did n't get credit for that . . . . As previous reviewer has noticed , the airconditioner did n't work and the room was too hot at night . We asked the reception to solve the problem but they did n't take care of it ! If you want to stay on the west side of the city and not to spend lots of money - it 's a good choice . If you expect to stay in a place more characteristic - stay away .
A great choice . I chose the Palace hotel after doing quite a bit of research on Berlin Hotels . The time was well invested and I have to report that we were very satisfied with the Palace . It is 5 minutes walk wheeling our bag from Zoo Station , where we came into Berlin from Schoenfeld Airport . The hotel is modern , clean ( very ) business hotel , but there were some tourists like us as well . Lobby large , sometimes a bit of music , comfortable . Staff are very helpful , attentive , smiling and say hello to you in the morning . Bedroom - we had taken a slight upgrade room on the 5th Floor was spacious , well equipped . bathrooms are really nice , marble and glass . So clean and fresh everywhere . They were redecorated in May 05 - so carpets etc . all virtually new . Very nice . Tried the spa - which has everything . Only comment I would make - apart from it being all one would expect , is that I nearly slipped twice on the tile floors around the pool and sauna area - they are dangerous . I was however given some hotel slippers and a robe ( after I asked , not on entry ) . You must use these or risk breaking your leg . Cost was on an excellent deal only EU . 605 for four nights . Which for this hotel was very good value . YOu do have to shop around on the newt to get best deal . I got mine from Bookings , which had the advantage of not taking all your money up front on a no cancel deal ( like some of the others try to do . . . ) Hotel is well placed for Shopping , busses and U S Bahn lines . Travel for some distance in Berlin is unavoidable since it is so spread out , that it hardly matters where you stay in the city - but this was particularly central . Just one otherword of advice - and not about the hotel . We travelled back to london on a Saturday evening . Got into Luton at 10 . 35pm by Easyjet . We arrived at the car part ( mid term 5 mins from Terminal ) at 12 midnight . Easyjet do not arrange for offloading facilities on a Saturday evening and there were three flights clustered around one very small carousel , hundreds of people jostling and getting angry . Easyjet probably blame groundstaff . Groundstaff could n't care less . Its Easy 's responsibility . Definitely avoid travelling by Easyjet at weekend late evenings ! I doubt they have the capacity at that time to run a bath , never mind an airline - with hundreds of passengers wanting to go home and not wanting to wait as long as the flight time from berlin to get to the car park . Angry - yes . But otherwise it was a very interesting four days . Distances in Berlin are vast and the underground or bus often drop you about a half a mile or more from your target destination . Worth a taxi sometimes . . . One more thing - if you want to visit the Bundestag it is a good idea to book a tour ( in english ) in advance . That way you avoid the queues and walk right in like an expected guest - free tour excellent . Good areas to eat in the evening is around Hackescher Markt in the Hof complex on Oranienburger Str . and further upo the same street towards the synagogue direction . Lots of good eating places . Best breakfast place we found ( but there are many ) was in Fasanenstrasse No . 23 ( Garden and conservatory part ) . BUt it is about 15 mins from Hotel . Once or twice is ok . Otherwise there ar places nearer . We did n't take the Hotel breakfast at 20 Eu each . Why so dear ? ?
Nice location . . . but . . . The Hotel staff were attentive , and I enjoyed the location ( near Brandenburg , Museum Island , etc ) , but I was n't blown away . I stayed in one of the renovated rooms , and the room itself was quite comfortable - - but very small . My main impression was that the place seemed rather empty , even though I was there during one of the busiest weeks for Berlin tourism ( ITB ) . If you want a quiet Hotel near tourist sites , this is for you . If you 're looking for that famous Berlin nightlife , look elsewhere .
Disappointing hotel . Very disappointed with this hotel . Completely different to the photos on the website . Old rooms with dirty walls , no airco , smelly carpet and the handle of the door was broken . This hotel is overpriced .
Second visit . Stayed in this hotel over New Year for the past 2 years . 2004 2005 . Ideally located and a comfortable hotel . Yes , breakfast is a little busy , but come on folks , be patient ! What do some people want ! The food was great and always plentiful and was replenished regualrly . The rooms had modern decor and were far more than adequate . We got great deals on both occasions , and could not complain for the price . It is ideally placed to tour Berlin from . The tour bus goes from the end of the street and is close to Zoo Station . The nearby restaurants were excellent , the one almost opposite - called the Meineke I believe , was good , but we also enjoyed the small restaurant , which you would probably mistake for a bar on the same side as the hotel at the top of the street as you head towards the Ku ' Damn . Berlin is a top city and highly recommended for New Year ! Try out a trabi safari - it is great fun - especially in 3ft of snow in a car with no heating . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . or brakes come to think of it ! !
book somewhere else . unfortunately this hotel is extremely disappointing . the hotel has had a facelift , but the workings underneath are old . for instance , my door did n't even close properly - but after requesting to change rooms i found out none of them do ! all the doors are warped but instead they spent their renovation money on new bedspreads . it was a sign i should have checked out immediately - at one point there was n't even hot water in the hotel for over an hour . staff were less than helpful . meanwhile the lovely modern shower fixtures fell off the wall every single morning while i took my ( occasionally cold ) shower . if you 're looking for a high end hotel i suggest you go somewhere else .
Spoiled by The Adina . Stayed for 3 nights in Feb . Second time to Berlin and could n't decide which hotel so we split the trip . Loved the location ! The hotel was nice enough . Asked in advance for a room with a view - - not . Low floor and a construction view . Paid for a business class room and was given what I believe was a regular room and was told that to have a room with more windows would be 20 more a night . The amenities for my type of room were also non existent . Their website does not list 2 types of business rooms . Also asked to use a computer to check our flight and was told it would be 8 e . The Adina really spoiled us - - very friendly staff . The Park Inn let us check in early , but acted like they were doing us a Huge favor . We would have been happy to store our luggage if we could have got the room we paid for . Also very sneaky during check in asked if we wanted breakfast which they would have added to our rate - - yet did n't say that it would be extra till we asked about it . The Park Inn is lucky it is in such a great convienent area otherwise I think it would be lower on tripadvisor .
Yes , this is a lovely hotel . However . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . This hotel is lovely . However , the maids burst into our room twice on the day we were checking out . The first time before 8:00 a . m . , and the second around 9:00 a . m . Upon reporting this to the reception on checking out , the clerk looked at me and said what is your problem ? This is a five star property ! The maids should n't be anywhere near that room until we have cleared check - out . No manners , and I ca n't recommend this hotel as a great five - star .
I 'm still dreaming about their breakfast . I stayed at the Park Inn from July 2nd through the 6th . My father booked this hotel through his travel agent and we paid 109 Euros a night . I think the location of the hotel is absolutely perfect . The S - Bahn and U - Bahn are just a few steps away ( you 're on the S - Bahn line to Schoenenfeld ) , as are the 100 200 bus lines . If you feel like walking , Unter der Linden is about 10 minutes away . Museum Island is about a 15 minute walk , or just take the bus . And right outside , there is a department store plus several places to eat or grab a snack . We must have paid the business rate because were were entitled to the free fancy breakfast - omg , what a spread . Eggs , sausages , fresh fruit , yogurt , jams , random veggies , muesli , cheeses , meats , all sorts of drinks and more varieties of delicious breads than I have seen in a while . The service was pretty good and I could have stayed there all morning . Seriously , I would go back just for the breakfast . The people at the front desk were polite and helpful . There was some problem with our reservation ( I blame the travel agent ) but it was quickly resolved and we had rooms next to each other , despite arriving on different dates . Plus , they let me check in at 10am and the check - out went smoothly ( we also lets on different dates ) . FYI - the front desk staff speaks perfect English . We were on the 33rd floor . While our view was not of central Berlin , I still enjoyed looking out at the night lights . The bathroom set - up with the shower / toilet in the room was a bit odd , but the closets were nice and there was plenty of storage space . If the hotel had fluffy towels , I would have given them an Excellent rating . I enjoyed the built - in lamps by the bed and the nice comforter . Plus , the cleaning staff folded my pajamas for me . My sense was that the hotel gets lots of large groups , but it also works well for the individual traveler . Of the amenities , I only used the spa . No one was there , so I could play in the showers and saunas to my heart 's content . Also , the International calling rates seemed reasonable though I had trouble figuring out how to use the VM and calling out system ( probably because my German [ - - - - - ] ) .
Good as long as you do n't pay the full price . I had never been to the Swiss hotel in berlin , so decided to give it a go . It is as clean as you expect a 4 / 5 star hotel to be . Staff was very good , but that has always been my experience in Germany . The rooms were quiet and well appointed , although not particuarly luxurious . The bathroom was small . The spa was clean and well provided for , although the gym was more of a corridor with a few machines threwn in than a suitable exercising place . I am afraid the the KuDam has never been my favourite place in Berlin , so the location was not what I would see as the hotel strong point . There is a strong feeling that the center of Berlin is now shifting back towards unter den Linden , and I would recommend to anyone travelling to Berlin to look for a hotel in that area , and avoid at all costs the dreadfully commercial and dull area around the Zoologisher station . In short , I would not stay there again , but would rather look for something less corporate , closer to Unter den Linden . At any rate I would not stay there unless paying only 50 % of the listed price . There are plenty of offers on the net for that hotel
squirmed at the park ! the park is a well positioned hotel and is clean and the staff are friendly and helpfull but 3 things made me mark it low 1 the bar prices were very high and service very slow not a massive complaint on its own but then breakfast at 18 euros terrible we went down half hour b4 close everything clock cold ask for beans as tray was empty never got them bacon was unedible toaster didnt toast ! 54 euros down the pan ! complained and told it was cos we where late coming down ! but they still charge 18 e biggist complaint shared room whith my 82 y old dad and the toilet area is a disgrace the glass panel is virtualy see through in a very small room some things are priate ! see the web photosb and you can see the loo ok if youracouple if not embarasing im no prude im a builder 4 gods sake ! but i must say second time in berlin and its a fantastic place to visit loads to see and visit
would highly recommend . I stayed at the Westin in mid september after having stayed there in 2005 . I have always like the location and was very impressed with the recent improvements . The room was great with a modern updated decor . Most importantly , the staff were very helpful and friendly . This had not been the case in 2005 when folks seemed cold . . . so I really highly recommend .
Adequate for a busy traveler that wants to explore Berlin . view from room
Good hotel , lousy staff . The hotel is ideally located . If you 're a walker , you are close to many attractions . Room was big , bath was lovely , but watch out for the tile floor after you shower . No curtains , and water pours off you onto the tile floor which has a drain . Put your towel on the wet floor or you will definitely slip . Desk staff needs to go to a Waldorf class on manners . Very cold reception , could n't answer a few simple questions for directions to a few of the sights or an ATM . Room was nice but does need to be vacuumed more frequently than ours was . . Pretzels and cookies under the bed . Chair upholstery needs to be cleaned . We turned the cushions over . What a difference . . Do n't eat breakfast in the restaurant , too costly . Walk 2 to 3 blocks away and get a muffin , coffee , or egg sandwich for about 6 Euros . . Liked the room , and the location , but did n't care for the staff of the hotel . Look around the same area for another hotel . Think you can do better .
Disappointed . We picked the hotel because we read it was convenient to everything and the reviews were good But Berlin is a sprawling city so this location was not as convenient as we had hope - - Alexanderplatz is just too far from most tourist attractions . We would recommend being near the Sony Building and Potsdammer Plotz . Also , while our room was quiet and comfortable , everything was shoehorned in with the result that the shower was separated from the bed by a curtain and the toilet area was what I would described as a stall in terms of soundproofing . If you were by yourself it would be fine but otherwise . . . . Also we asked for a tourist street map but the person we asked charged us 2 1 / 2 Euros .
Mind your property . The hotel is pretty basic and there are better areas to stay in berlin . Do not leave any personal belongings in the room . I had my mobile phone stolen from my room during my stay .
Disapponted . Booked the hotel for two nights to celebrate a part of our honeymoon . We read about the hotel in Wallpaper guide . We ended up leaving one day too early as we were so disappointed about the rooms and especially the service . Service : BAD ! ! ! - We had to ask several times to receive a confirmation of our booking - There was no more parking spaces left for our car and they dont have valet parking . Thus , we had do drive to a near by hotel to park our car - We called to ask if it we could cancel our room for the second day and was told it would not be a problem . When we then checked the day after they wanted us to pay for the second night despite what they informed us the day before . After a long argument they agreed to cancel without penalty as promised . Rooms : Do not live up the the price - Nice design , spacey , nice colors - Shower / tub in same room next to bed ( guess some people like that ) - No minibar - Small kitchen if ones wants to cook - Beds short ( if you are over 190cm tall your legs will stick out ) All in all very poor hotel considering the price they are asking . Second day we switched to Bradenburger Hof , which was fantastic and at about the same price Will never be back .
Good . We spent 5 nights here on a recent trip to Berlin . The Good : Location is great , short walk to Potsdamer Platz nearby S / U - Bahn stations etc . Room ( 1st floor ) was OK . Housekeeping was excellent the hotel in general was very neat / clean . Staff were friendly , helpful . Car parking was 14 per night in the secure underground car park . Great selection at breakfast with plenty of everything available . No real complaints on anything above . The Bad : NO WiFi access available despite claims ( still ) on their website . We would NOT have stayed there if we knew this was unavailable . Broadband was , apparently , available in room at a cost of 4 per hour ! It 's no wonder they scrapped their WiFi service - make more money charging for it ! In a $ 200 per night hotel , in 2007 , in a majortechnological European city , WiFi should be available AS ADVERTISED . Very angry about this . Air Conditioning : NONE . It was n't the warmest weather ever but I needa cool room to sleep in cool our room was not : ( Sure , the AC fan worked occassionally but no cool air flowed from the vent . Some days , the fan did n't even work . Again , AC is something I always look for when booking would n't have stayed there if they said the AC did n't work . Couple of smaller niggles too - asked in reception on our first nightfor a UK adapter but they did n't have any saying they 'd all been stolen by guests . It 's the first hotel we 've stayed in that did n't have an adapter . Our booking confirmation also mentioned our free daily newspaper but staff said we would have to pay for it . Needless to say , we didn ' t . So , a good enough hotel in a good location with nice enough staff but very angry about the lack of AC , Wifi having spent $ 1000 for 5 nights .
Excellent hotel in a great location . My boyfriend and I have just returned from a four night stay in this hotel and were more than impressed with both Berlin itself and the level of service we recieved in the Arcotel Velvet . The hotel itself is in an excellent location and can be found very easily from the Orienburger Tor stop . We found the staff more than helpful and extremely friendly . My boyfriend ripped his jacket , they took it away to get repaired and it was fixed and in our room the following day . They also made a huge effort when we asked them for the best place to hire bikes and came back with an address and full directions in a matter of minutes . The hotel is very modern and the rooms are wonderful with fabulous views of Orienburger Strasse . Although half the room is window and the hotel is located on a main street and next to a nightclub , we heard very little noise unless the window was open . Mitte itself ( in our opinion ) is the place to stay , it 's a very central location for all the main sights with an artistic , bohemian and very relaxed feel , there are literally hundreds of bars , cafes and resturants to choose from right on your doorstep . Do n't let other reviews talking about drug dealers and prostitutes put you off . We did n't encounter one person selling drugs and although prostitutes are out on the streets at night , they are definately not in your face . It 's not a seedy or intimidating area and the streets are as much filled with young families , couples and old peple as they are with ladies of the night ! To be honest , it 's more fascinating and a bit sad rather than scary or seedy . Things to do : Hiring bicycles , if you can , can not be recommended enough . It 's such a good way to see a large part of the city . Get a good map and get out there and join the hoards of locals on their bikes . The museum at Checkpoint Charlie is worth a vist , it 's a bit run down but packed to the rafters with information about the turbulent history of Berlin . Try the singapore resturant right opposite the hotel . It 's usually pretty busy after 7pm but the food is excellent and the staff are really nice and friendly . It stays open to about 3am on the weekends too . There is a venue right next door to the hotel ( on the right as you come out the door ) . It 's a lively wee outdoor place with great music and a kind of festival feel . It seems to stay open all night on a Saturday night as we got up to catch our flight on sunday morning and it was still going . If anyone still feels young enough , it seems to be the place to go ! Have a look around Auguststrasse area . There 's a corner of about three or four bars and resturants and it 's really bustling and relaxed . The resturants serve people outdoors and there are some people playing guitars on the streets , it 's a really nice area to eat . If your a coffee fan , go to the Espresso Ambulanze next door to the hotel ( on the left as you come out ) . The guy in there is really lovely and he serves a great cappuccino Overall , we found Berlin to be an excellent place to visit for a few days and I can not fault the hotel in any way . The location too was top class . . . great stay ! Can I just finally give a warning to anyone flying with the COWBOY airline RYANAIR ! ! We thought we were doing a good thing by putting our luggage into one bag and checking only one item in . The ' computer - says - no ' robot - lady at the desk informed us we would be charged 104 as our one bag was overweight , even though our stuff would not have been overweight if we had two bags to check in . THIS IS RYANAIR 'S WAY OF GETTING THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF POUNDS OUT OF PEOPLE . . . DO NOT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH IT ANY MORE ! ! ! Be careful , if there are two of you going , take two bags and check them both in . . . practically every other person in our queue was being sent off to pay something towards Ryanair , they 're a bunch of cowboys ! Anyway , amen and have a great time in Berlin . .
I had a wonderful stay . the hotel is near Alexander Platz , there is a bus stop just in front of the hotel which allows you to easily reach Alxender Platz if you r not in the mood to walk 5 minutes . . . from Alexander Platz u can take all kind of public transports that will allow u to reach all the parts of the city . The rooms were big enough , clean and very confortable , the people who work there are friendly . breakfast was very good . I really advice the hotel
Disappointed . I felt like I was staying in a completely different place to everyone else who has reviewed this hotel . So much so , I repeatedly checked the address of this hotel against everyone 's reviews . Alas , I was staying at the right place , but my experience was far from excellent . This is a well - located , no frills hotel best used as a base to explore Berlin , but is confused as to who its market actually is ( what it is doing advertising its business credentials when it has no business facilities , I do not understand ) . Everything was barely average - rooms , breakfast , service , cleanliness etc . etc . etc . During my 3 night stay , the hotel was at capacity - maybe explaining the deterioration in quality from that experienced by previous reviewers . There were always long queues at reception and only 1 person to deal with the queries . The staff throughout the hotel appeared harried and stressed . Our initial room was reminiscent of a hospital room . We asked to change rooms the second night as the first room was too eerie - I half expected to see hospital orderlies coming in and there was a nurse call button in our room . Our second room was an improvement . For a hotel that is only apparently 2 years old , the furnishings look worn . There are the bare basics in each room - bed / desk / chair and a small open wardrobe . I agree with a previous reviewer - the bathrooms are strange . Our first room had an " open plan " bathroom with no barrier at all around the shower ! ! ! ( very large flood occurred ) . Housekeeping was not up to standard . Stray hair left behind in the bathroom from previous occupants is not a good look . There was a continental breakfast buffet that would have been ok , had it not been so overcrowded that there was actually food available . The staff seemed to be having difficulty keeping up with demand . On the 3 mornings there , there were always groups of people gathered around the empty bread basket ready to pounce like vultures when the bread actually arrived . There is 1 internet console in the " business " corner in the internet but it was impossible to actually use it . There is no wireless facility in this hotel . Unless you speak German , TV viewing is limited unless you pay for digital TV . For English speakers , there was the choice of CNN and Eurosport . They advertised BBC world , but we were unable to get a signal as the TV was analogue and BBC world has gone digital . If you want a budget , no - frills hotel , with a good location to sight - see , stay here - but I suspect you could do better for your $ $ $ elsewhere in Berlin .
Keeping it Old School at the Modern Intercontinental . At $ 114 for each of three summer weeknights , I was really satisfied with the Intercontinental . I booked about a month in advance on their website . As stated in other reviews , the location is on the ( slightly tourist ) bus line 200 and a 5 minute walk to Ku ' damm , and 10 minutes to the Zoo Garten Train station . Note , it was a 15 - 20 minute walk to a cheap internet cafe ( open till eleven - thirty ) attached to a dunkin donuts on Ku ' damm . This was a decent vantage point and was obviously a safe and quiet neighborhood . Fast food restaurants are opposite the Gedaechtnis Kirche if you are absolutely desperare for cheap fare late at night . The rooms themselves are very modern , but almost frustratingly so . The bathroom door has a hole for a handle , and the toilet door is opaque . So , no real sense of firm privacy is established . The shower also had no curtain , but rather a limited glass door . So it was kind of easy to accidentally spill some water on the floor ( not to mention slip and break your neck ) . Still the design was cool and memorable . The breakast buffet was too expensive for our liking , however , our guide book had a listing of six special places for breakfast in Berlin . What also bothered me was the fact there was a 3 euro surcharge for dialing a 800 number ( so to use a phone card , you had to go to the Telefonzelle across the street . The pool was mid - seized but adequate and clean . The whirlpool was out of this world . On weeknights we had the facilitiies practically all to ourselves . Plus they are open to 11 , perfect after a long day and big dinner . The staff was friendly and completely bilingual . Be sure to pick up an umbrella ( for free ) at the concierge if you anticipate rain while sightseeing . Alltogether I enjoyed my stay and would book again at anything below $ 120 a night .
Good base . We stayed for 3 nights . The hotel is very clean and the staff are good . It was a great base with the Underground station outside . yYu feel that it 's certainly in the East Berlin side , with very functional buildings around this stark and huge plaza . Little cafes , for breakfast and the Galleria shopping centre are outside hotel . The breakfast is expensive in the hotel , and the cafes are fine for a croissant or a roll and coffee . The beds are most comfortable , and the bathroom fine , if you 're staying with your partner ! The Kilkenny Irish pub is close by in the Hackescher Markt station . Look out for the following restaurants : Mutter Hoppe on Rathaustrasse 21 , and Brauhaus Lemke in Hackescher Markt . For a snack , buy a bratwurst for a euro on Alexanderplatz !
Truly awful . The Mark Hotel on Meineke Strasse is truly not a 3 star hotel . The hotel is very tired and is in desperate need of a refurb . The staff are surly and not interested in any problems you may have . When we booked the room the description on the website said it came with a separate seating area , despite raising the issue with reception we were basically told this was not so , I guess someone needs to amend the website . The room given to us was on the first floor . Supposedly a non smoking room it came complete with ash tray and matches . The room was not very big and the bed took up the majority of the room . The room was at the back of the hotel and overlooked an overgrown garden with a block of flats looking directly onto the rooms . Although the bed linen was clean there was n't much going for the room at all . The furniture is dark brown and very old and battered and the sliding wardrobe door seemed to be just about hanging on . As for the bathroom well what can we say . The shower sliding door is barely big enough for a normal sized person to get through . The frame of the shower was also falling to pieces and came off in your hand when you closed the door . The shower had no height adjustment bar and so showering each morning was quite difficult . Also it was difficult to regulate the water and it was either boiling hot or freezing cold . You either had to sit cross legged on the shower floor or stand up and use the shower by hand . The hot tap became very hot and a towel had to be used to turn it off . We complained to management three times but nothing was done . One of the lamps over the sink had blown and despite telling the cleaner it was still not changed . The bathroom had had the tiles painted to give the appearance of a newly refurbished room . Breakfast was hardly worth the effort . There were not enough tables for everyone and some people who could n't get a table ended up going away . If you came down late most of the food had gone and was not replenished . Coffee was luke warm and not a teabag in sight only various types of Twinings darjeeling . We did notice a room next to reception with more tables and a waitress walking in and out with coffee but no one was told if this room was an extra room for breakfast . In fact the room was used to store suitcases for people checking out of their rooms . It was not locked so anyone could walk in . The main reception area and corridors stink of cigarette smoke as there is a table and chairs positioned along the corridor for smokers . The only good thing we can say it that the hotel is in a very good position just off ku ' damm and great for exploring Berlin .
Excellent location . My partner and I spent four nights here recently . The room was reasonably clean , reasonably sized . Staff was very friendly . We had trouble figuring out exactly how the air conditioning worked . Whether you like the omnipresent Warhol theme and the colouring scheme ( lots of lime green and yellow ) is a question of taste I guess . What we DEFINITELY liked was the location . The hotel is just off the main shopping mile of Ku ' damm , halfway between the big department stores around the Kaiser Wilhelm church and the more upmarket shops at the lower end of Ku ' damm .
Noisy and a bit run - down . I may be too crititical , but I found this hotel quite bad . The rooms are kept clean , but since the hotel is quite old , it does n't have a very clean look . Staff was not especially friendly , I have seen better . They were not unfriendly either , they just did n't seem to care much . Breakfast was tasteless . But the worst thing was the indoor noise . I had asked for a quiet room . From 8 o ' clock on it was just a banging of doors and throwing things around in the hallway . Roomcleaning takes place in as loud a fashion as possible . And since the hotel needs renovation , it all seems to happen right next to you . Another thing is that the cleaning lady just walked into my room on the morning of my last day . She totally ignored the do - not - disturb sign and just walked in immediately after knocking . I was still in bed ! That just topped it off . I was so relieved to leave this place .
the rooms very deplorable 2 bed one behind the other bathroom for midget . we arrive at 6 juny 2008 for 4 nights we order 2 double bed rooms - standard rooms . we receive rooms very deplorable the bed one behind the other and wall was between the bed . the bathroom so small maybe for midget . we ask every day at the reception to change the rooms but its was fully booking . no air conditioner at the hotel including dining room . its was 31 degree - very hot .
Hard to Breathe Here . I am staying at this hotel as I write this . When I made the reservation I requested a non smoking room and had at least 4 subsequent email communications with the hotel informing them that I needed to have a non smoking room for health reasons . ( If you do n't like smoke you may want to stay away from Berlin ! ) I was given a room that did not smell of smoke but the hallway and lounge at the end of the hall were smoke infested . I called to compain and asked for a room on a non smoking floor and was told that my room was a non smoking room on a smoking floor . Needless to say I moved my room to a non smoking floor but I am still annoyed that this hotel is so insensitive to people needing or wanting clean air . The manager I spoke with was rather surly . The fron desk agents are very nice but they do not seem to want to rock the boat to assist a guest who is not happy . I am at a convention and can not get out of this hotel because of prepayment issues as well as no other hotel availability but I am not very happy at this hotel AT ALL ,
Nice location ! Nice location and very friendly and helpfull staff ! But the room was n't more than average in my opinion - and barly that . Had expected more from a 4 star hotel ! !
Excellent ! Have just returned from a 3 night stay . Hotel staff were without exception polite and efficient . They upgraded our room to a view of the Ku ' damm as it was my birthday , and on returning from a day of sightseeing I found a birthday cake in our room . Our room was large and modern with a very comfortable bed and a immaculately clean and modern bathroom . The rooms are well soundproofed - could n't hear a thing from either side . Breakfast was included in our room rate and was very good - we just ate a big buffet breakfast each morning and did n't have to spend any euros on lunch ( other than the odd currywurst ! ) . Location is great for shopping and about a 5 minute walk to Zoo station , however it is a bit of a trek to the Reichstag etc . However , Berlin transport system is fantastic - I wish London 's was as good ! For 5.8 euros you can buy a day pass which covers the S and U bahn for as many journeys as you can manage . Just do n't forget to validate it first ! If I was to stay in Berlin again I would have no hesitation in staying at the Swissotel . A tip - we got 7.5 euro off our bill for booking through the hotel 's website . This was credited against some drinks we had had at the ( reasonably priced ) bar .
A disappointing experience . I booked a city break through Brendan Vacations and was placed at the Park Inn . I was very disappointed in the area as of November 2005 . The building was surrounded on three sides by construction and graffitti were plentiful . Some of the buildings across the street from the hotel looked like housing projects . The area is one of urban blight . Even a city guide book concedes that the square in in redevelopment . At present , this poorly lit area is n't safe for a single woman . There were few places to go in the evening . The money spent on taxis could have purchased a room at the beautiful Radisson SAS , which is down the street but out of the Park Place square . Brendan was of no help in offering candid information on the area or in arranging for an alternative location . I would not recommend this hotel . The lobby is full of smoke . Moreover , there was only one computer in the business center , which I had to clean with wet wipes myself . The television featured promotions of pornography , which I had no interest in seeing .
Ultra hard beds . The beds are solid boards with very firm mattresses . It was like sleeping on a concrete floor . The receptionist called them the French beds ( Accor group is French ) . We hardly slept during our 5 night stay and had aching backs . This is a shame as everything else about Suitehotel is great . The spacious , well - designed rooms , the bathroom , the staff , the value , the coffee , the whole concept , are all excellent and we were immediate converts until we went to bed . But lack of sleep can ruin a holiday so we wo n't be staying in a Suitehotel again , in spite of all the advantages .
Great hotel ! This is a great place to stay - very classy and stylish . The entrance / lobby area is unusual and the chic , modern theme is continued in the bedrooms . The welcome at Reception was particularly pleasant , personal and informative and good service generally seems to be a feature of the hotel . The meal in the elegant restaurant was very good , though rather expensive , and here too service was excellent . Free Internet access is available in the lobby . The hotel is well situated for the shops and the Zoo railway station . Breakfast at the hotel was very expensive so I ate at a nice restaurant / bar at a third of the hotel price ( left outside the hotel and first left , then it 's on the left after ca . 300 metres ) . The hotel is expensive though off - peak deals can be found . I paid 97.50 / night but I have recently seen 39.33 ( room only ) for December and January .
Ideal for a city break ! This hotel is ideal if you are on a weekend to Berlin and just need somewhere to put your head down at night . Although basic , the rooms are large and clean . The hotel staff are efficient and friendly , always happy to help you with directions etc . The breakfast in the hotel is excellent , offering a wide selection of hot and cold food . We particularly liked the waffle machine for making our own waffles ! In the hotel reception there are a various leaflets for all the sights of Berlin , and the zoo is only a 5 minute walk away . It 's about a 10 minute walk to zoo station where you can get a train to all the main sights in the east and only takes about 10 minutes . Around the hotel itself there are plenty of bars and restaurants and the department store Ka DeWe is just around the corner , as well as many many other shops , and they were setting up the Christmas market as we were leaving .
Not my option of 5 Stars . Had the pleasure of visiting Berlin for a city break in September . 1st impression were great of the hotel , we were really looking forward to staying in a 5 star hotel . Immediately we were meet by the Hotels bell man at the taxi door and he took our luggage . Swift check in , so far so good . We had looked to pay for an upgraded to the executive floor but they were fully booked . In the Bedroom this is were the hotel did not meet my expectations the bedroom we got was definitely not 5 stars , no tea or coffee making facilities in the room , no bath robes or slippers , and for the bathroom , well I 've seen bigger bathrooms on airplanes I can stress this enough and it was stiflingly hot all the time . In there guest information stated that rooms had access to the internet but seemly our room did not have . I had booked a double room but got two single beds , with a folded duvet resting at the bottom of the bed ; it had the look of a Young Hostel . I do have to mention the staffs were excellent in all departments of the hotel , Very helpful . I would not recommend the restaurant either the food in not good quality and service was very slow and offer priced . I do usually stay in 4 star hotel and have stayed in better 4 stars than the 5 star Steigenberger Berlin .
cheap . I stayed for three nights at the Suitehotel during a work trip to Berlin . It is part of an almost entire street full of Accor Hotel brands . From the budget option Etap to IBIS and then the Suitehotel ( being the most " upmarket " one ) . The room was booked directly with the hotel at the very good rate of 80 / night including breakfast ( or what passes as breakfast at the hotel but more about that later ) . I was a bit taken aback when the receptionist told me " at the Suitehotel you always pay in advance " . Well as customer I tend to pay once I received the appropriate service . That 's why normally hotels take an imprint of you credit card but the Suitehotel insists on full payment upfront . Strange tactics but I guess they are catering to the lower end of the market . . . . The room itself was large ( ish ) containing a desk , sofa and bed . In addition it had a fridge ( normal mini bar size ) , microwave and sink . I have to admit that I failed to see anything that resembled any hotel suite I have ever stayed in but I guess for 80 one ca n't expect too much . The strangest part of the room was the prefabricated plastic plastic pod in the room that contained the bathroom , toilet and kitchen element . It was something straight of outer space . The plasticky walls made the whole thing feel cheap . Not a good design . The kitchen element was lacking any plates or cutlery and there was no suggestion as to where you could get it . The bed was large but unfortunately covered in nylon bed linen . Thereis no excuse these days for nylon , ever ! The biggest let down with regard to the room however was the air - conditioning . Despite being set to the lowest temperature it failed to cool the room to an adequate level . My suspicion is that this is just a fan rather than aircon system . During my stay it was 32c in Berlin so aircon was a must . Opening the windows at night was not an option either as there is a bar / nightclub entrance at the back of the hotel with people causing all sorts of noise all night long . As I mentioned breakfast was included in the rate and what the Suitehotel tries to pass off as breakfast was a complete mess . They are obviously trying to be innovative but it does n't work so food comes in miniscule prepared plastic pots containing odd combinations like chorizo with pepper salad etc . You end up with a mountain of plastic refuse and still feel hungry . The breakfast area is also far too small to cater for the number of hotel guest so trying to get a seat was a nightmare . Usually breakfast in German hotels is great but this was very unsatisfactory . Having said all that the hotel is very cheap , clean and well linked by public transport . The area it is in is a bit dead but the S - Bahn from Anhalter Bahnhof or S and U - Bahn from Potsdamer Platz take you to the more interesting areas of Berlin .
Save yourself ! ! ! ! ! 3 / 3 / 05 Please read this ! Just got back . The worst hotel I have stayed at in 27 years . The reception staff are rude , aggressive and disinterested in any comments you may have . The rooms were a good size , but its like being in the boiler room of an ocean steamer . The beds were so saggy they nearly touched the floor once you had got on them , the pillows were like wafers . It claims to be a four star hotel , think again , no tea or coffee making facilities , no ironing board , no bathrobes , no in room toiletries , nor local information or hotel information can be found in the room . To obtain room service I was transfered 4 times to different hotel departments . The only good thing was the bar staff in the hotel lobby , they were kind , polite and friendly . Are you listening Park Inn ? Put them on the reception desk , to replace the miserable and arrogant people you have there now . Dont waste your hard earned money on these people . Just to clarify , we had an upgraded Business Class room . Save yourselves ! ! ! ! !
good place to stay only if price is right . Stayed for 8 nights in july . If you can stay at this hotel for no more than 120eu w / breakfast it is a good buy . 21 eu each for breakfast is very expensive . Anything more is not worth the price . Found a dirty sock on check in . Had to beg the waiter in the morning for a second cup of coffee . Coffee machine in room did not work till someone came up to fix it . Two nights out of 8 had no turndown service . And a couple of nights the service came after we had gone to bed . This is not a 5* hotel . Was very disappointed after reading all the rave reviews about this hotel . Will try another hotel next time .
Solid Business Hotel - Not 4 Star . I stayed at the Mercure for business and was very pleasantly surprised by my stay . My room as unusually large by European standards . The bathroom and the shower room were separate , quite convenient when sharing the room with someone . And I was pleasantly surprise in the morning to find that the towel warmer also triggered some sort of floor warmer which kept my toes nice and toasty come the morning . With this said , I would not qualify the standards as four star . I think it 's an exceptiona 3 - star , but as a 4 star it 's merely average at best . If you are looking for value and location , look not further , but do n't expect luxury .
Nice staff but very poor management . We just returned from Berlin after we booked two 5 day packages for this hotel through LuxuryLink . Since each package included a dinner at their restaurant ( Facil ) I had emailed the hotel to make certain that the reservations had been made and for which nights , as I had requested in March when I booked the stay . Two days before we left , I received an email stating that the restaurant was closed . After a game of email tag , they wrote that they agreed to book us in another restaurant . Fine . When we arrived , the staff was very nice and helpful , held our luggage for us , gave us some tips , brought us towels to freshen up , etc . Could n't have been nicer . Then it all fell apart . They also did not mention that the hotel was being renovated . Drilling and hammering started at 8:30 a . m . and paint fumes filled the halls to the point of giving us a headache . Also , try getting a newspaper delivered to your room . They finally got it right by the time we left . The final straw was trying to book the second dinner . The first one they arranged was great - Vox which I highly recommend . I kept asking whether we could book the second dinner for the night before we left . After much hand wringing from the staff let me know that the manager would need to approve it . I kept repeating taht the package included two dinners . They kept telling me that the manager would call . That never happened . Finally one morning there was a note on the desk which I found after coming out of the shower . It indicated that they would allow us a second dinner at Le Forbourg restaurant at 8pm . Now the manager 's tone of " allowing us " was annoying since we paid for his as part of the package . Long story to short , the restaurant had no reservation or idea of any arrangement . It was very embarrassing . Sitting down to what was one of the worst meals in Berlin ( we never had the chance to order wine , needed a flare to get a waiter , basically inedible food , you get the idea ) , we were out of there in a half an hour . The front desk at the hotel apologized said they 'd take care of it . After waiting for three hours for a response from the manager , I finally camped out in the lobby to wait for him ( Herr Schaeffer ) . He first said that he tried to speak with me and there was no answer at our room , which was a lie since we sat there for three hours . Then he basically told me that there 's nothing he could do , they 'd pay for that meal at that restaurant , not arrange another and blamed the entire episode on Luxury Link . Then proceeded to tell me that the restaurant did indeed have a reservation for us and that there was a miscommunication . THEN he proceeded to tell me that they had placed phone calls me to letting me know that the restaurant was closed and that they were renovating . This was not the case and his accusitory tone was at best rude , at worst innappropriate . His lack of customer care was a nightmare . I Seems like he had someone to blame for everything - including us ! If you 're going to offer a package , do n't make the clients feel like welfare cases by using the amenities , Avoid this hotel .
Dissapointed ! Not what you expect for a 4 star ! Booked this as a suprise weekend away for my partner - wanted it to be special , but it was far from it . The room we were allocated initially was pokey with marks on the carpet and a small bathroom with a shower cubicle . I had no choice about walking out to find an alternative hotel becuase we had paid up front . There was n't even enough room for a tv stand , it had to be fixed on a bracket attached to the wall . I asked for a room with a bath and the only option was to upgrade - which costs a further 100 ( 120 euros ) . The breakfast was not included in this . If you want to buy breakfast upfront it costs 11 euros , but if you 'd rather not make the decision until later or in the morning , you have to pay 16 euros each . we did eventually upgrade into a room which had limited day light and an artificial window on one side infront of a painted landscape . The day light effect was provided by a naked strip light ! The carpet in this room too was dirty . There was a dead insect in the hallway which was there for the 3 days we were . The good thing was that the bathroom was in fact clean , but complimentary toiletries means there is a soap / shampoo / body wash all - in - one dispenser . There were no tea and coffee making facilities either . The ' business centre ' had one computer which was engaged whenever we tried to use it . Yes , there are definately 4 stars at the entrance , but this means a very different thing in Germany perhaps ? and it looks like they may have once been fit for it , but it is clearly time for a revamp .
Es tut mir leid . . . Very upset with this hotel . We had booked as part of a group for three nights from Thursday and then booked an extra night for the Wednesday night via Expedia . Although this was advertised and showed photogaphs of the Berlin Mark on Meineke Strasse we found this not to be the case AFTER we had arrived at the hotel and the receptionist simply looked up the reservation in her system , pointed to the crossroads and informed us that the hotel we were staying in was around the corner and four minutes away . No map , no directions and no further offer of assistance . We went to visit the hotel to find that it was a converted apartment block in a rather seedy part of a very busy road . No Bar , a makeshift breakfast room . No restaurant and a basic bedroom which was large but a rather dirty and poorly decorated bathroom . We retrurned to the Berlin Mark Hotel on Meineke Strasse to plead our case that we we were under the impression that we had booked that hotel and wanted to be there for the four nights and not have to change the following day as our friends were due to arrive the next day . Suddenly , the receptionist found a reservation for us which means that they had expected us all along and was about to check us into that hotel when she realised that her colleague had sent us off to another property . In fact BOTH receptionists on Thursday afternoon were very surly and discourteous and even after me asking if I could speak with somebody else and being TOLD to take a seat in the bar as it would take a while before someone could see us , we were left waiting until I had to go back to the empty desk to see if somebody could talk to us . All I could be told was that as I had booked through Expedia , there was nothing they could do . I tried politely to explain that after 25 years int he hotel industry I knew that they could , in fact , transfer a booking within the hotel if they really wanted to - again , to no avail . If you do not expect any kind of service whatsoever then go ahead and book these hotels but be sure what you are getting as they also have a third old building across the street which is a little more convenient than having to drag luggage three long blocks but as it has lots of stairs and no lift it is also below standard . We finally accepted our fate and reconciled to spend the night in the cell block . the only saviour was the ARTOTEL across the street which had a nice bar and pleasant staff so they got our business . The shower in the bathroom simply sprayed water everywhere in the APART HOTEL ( read falling APART Hotel ) causing the bathroom floor to flood and cause a very dangerous health safety hazard . Breakfast in the Mark Hotel in Meineke Strasse was absolutely chaotic with surly , rude staff who snapped at you if you asked them to bring tea or coffee pots or more orange juice or bread fort oast . A member of our group was sent by reception to two local dry cleaners shops to get an outfit for that evening ironed before sending her to their hotel accross the street where they had a laundry facility all the time thus wasting an hour and making her late for her evening function . So , some of the poorest service I have ever experienced , misleading advertising , surly / miserable / rude staff and awful public areas . Thank goodness there are plenty of alternative hotels for future visits and for us to recommend to others .
Excellent value for money . Have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel and would confirm all the previous good reviews . The hotel is spotless with the rooms being thoroughly cleaned each day . Breakfast was also very plentiful with the buffet being constantly re - stocked . Location is very convenient , although having arrived by bus from the airport , first impression as we walked past the waste ground at the side of the hotel was that it was out of the way but once we got a map from reception we realised this was not the case . Would certainly return .
Nice hotel shame about location . Really nice clean hotel only downside is the location , it 's at the bottom of K ' damm and the wrong side of town for all the main sights and the nightlife ! Although the public transport is on your doorstep , excellect and safe we just found it a pain having to cross town every day and night , especially if you want to enjoy the excellent Berlin nightlife , as all that happens in the Mitte area ( party animals do not stay here ! ) . There is a really nice New York style bar / restaurant called Juleps about 200 yds from hotel , recommend there for a nice meal . Sights not to be missed are Jewish Museam , Checkpoint Charlie Museam and the Eastside gallery where you can walk 1.3 km of the Wall that still stands ( get off at the last stop of the U1 going east ) . Also the TV tower has good views and Tiergarten is lovely for a nice stroll . Shopping is also great but be warned nothing opens on a Sunday ! ! Berlin is a really cool city , loads to see and do and another plus is we felt really safe here , even travelling on the u - bahn at 3am !
excellent hotel , great value . just back from a 2 night stay in berlin and had to post a review of this great hotel . booked the hotel via the holiday inn website and got a great rate of 124 per night ( advance purchase ) , i have stayed in holiday inn 's before and knew what to expect and was ' nt dissapointed , clean room , nice decor , friendly staff and good service . this hotel is perfectly placed for sightseeing in berlin , potsdamer platz is only 10 minute walk away , another 10 minutes will get you to the brandenberg gate or as numerous others have mentioned you can hop on the s - bahn at anhalter bahnhof which is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel and the city is yours to explore ( and it 's cheap ! ) . we were lucky enough to be there for all the christmas markets and the atmosphere was amazing , would definitely recommend december as a good time to go if you like the christmas buzz . already planning my next visit to berlin and will definitely be staying in the express by holiday inn again .
Very happy with our stay . The location is absolutely ideal for a tourist trip to Berlin . So much is within walking distance , and that which is not is easily reached by transit . There are restaurants nearby , and plently of shopping . The hotel is a great building . We too , noticed the sound of the piano player in the evening , but this is n't the worst sound to have wafting into your room ! Although I would think they could stop it a little earlier in the evening . Our room was very nicly furnished and clean with a large bathroom . Our rate inclued and extensive buffet breakfast - VERY nice , with an omlette bar and wide variety of hot and cold foods . I beleive they charge 24Euros for it if it is not included . I would n't pay that , but try to get a rate that includes breakfast !
Good value . We stayed here in May , 2005 and were very happy with it . Good sized room , well equipped ( though no hairdryer - available from reception ) . Small lobby / bar with coffee / alcohol for sale . Excellent breakfast . Staff friendly and helpful . Virtually on Ku ' damm but about a mile along from zoo station ( though there are two U / S Bahm stations nearer including Savigny Platz which is wheelchair accessible ) . The hotel is wheelchair accessible . A very good value eating place within a 100m is the Melrose - recommended
Pray it 's not warm ! Yes , the location is great . Yes , the place is trendy . Our suite ( for which read large room ) was also very spacious , clean and comfortable . The buffet breakfast is excellent . But , boy , do they have a real problem with the A/C - just as other summer reviewers have pointed out . My complaint is not that the system only cools to 21 degrees - this would not be an issue in the slightest if , in fact , it were actually capable of cooling to anything approaching this temperature in summer . The simple fact is that it isn ' t , and this detracted hugely from my enjoyment of the property . To make matters worse , the staff are clearly trained to deny that there is an issue , instead implying that it is unreasonable for guests to expect the system to work any better than it does . Moevenpick management - I suggest you read the sheer volume of comments here and draw your own conclusions . Until you do , this will remain a quirky , interesting , well located but fundamentally flawed hotel . ( P . S . While you 're at it , you might consider investing in a gym worthy of the premises - or , if you believe that just one treadmill is sufficient for a large hotel , please at least ensure that it functions ! )
Arty in Berlin . Mao over the bed
a little disappointing . Elegant lounge and breakfast area , but rooms standard corporate style . Carpet stained in both rooms . No evening turndown service . Twin bedded rooms have small beds with hard mattresses . Unexciting toileteries . Would agree that this is a good 4 - star and not a 5 - star hotel . Price dropped on Expedia , 3 days before we were due to arrive so that we were unable to cancel our Swissotel booking and re - book through Expedia . Concierge very helpful . Exterior of the hotel spoilt by huge C A shop at ground floor level .
Park Inn " Hotel " . I strongly recommend you to go somewhere else if you can . It was the first time in my entire life that I went to a hotel that did n't have a proper bathroom . There is no proper wall between the shower and toilet and the rest of the room . From the aesthetic point of view it 's awful . These are my wife 's comments . I pretty much agree with them , though personally I think that the lack of auditory privacy is more of a problem . I also found the beds ( two single beds together ) far too soft , though that 's obviously a personal preference . Worse , in my mind , is the fact that a clear space between the two mattresses therefore opens up , because of their softness . We 've become accustomed to the two single mattress situation in hotels in Germany and the Czech Republic but this is the first time we 've experienced a problem . We booked a business class room , and the hotel management have assured us ( twice ) that this is the room that in fact we 've got . The only difference appears to be that we have marble floors in the shower and a rain shower . But the room could n't be any smaller and our view is over the building site , rather than over the more picturesque view that ( fortunately for us ) appears on the photograph facing the bed . Business - class rooms are supposed to have tea and coffee ; we had to request that service , but there 's almost no room to put the hot water heater . The hotel does indeed provide internet service ( which is what I 'm using right now ) , but you should know that ( unlike in the other hotels in which we 've stayed during this trip ) to use it costs 6 . 5 euros per hour or 18 for 24 hours . To be fair , the room itself ( though very small ) is clean and functional ( if you do n't care about privacy ) . But our bet is that you can do much better in Berlin than stay here .
Ideal base for sight - seeing . Arriving late at night was not a problem . The staff were friendly enough . We were very surprised by the size of the rooms . A lot more space than most European hotels . Good shower and bath and toilet was separate to bathroom which was handy . Nice to have a fridge in the room as well . It was also very quiet as we did n't hear noise from other rooms . It 's a great location for sightseeing . It 's a 5 minute walk from Potsdamer Platz which has lots of shops etc for everything and Checkpoint Charlie . On the downsides the air - conditioning in our room was n't working and if you have the windows open the buses can be a tad annoying during the night . Staff did n't seem to be too knowledgeable about the area . We wanted to go to see a Doctor / outpatients and they did n't know where the closest were and also were n't too helpful re pharmacists close by . On the whole we would definitely stay there again as we booked through the hotel 's website and it was a bargain for 3 nights . Would also reccommend Bistro Stressemann across the road from the hotel for a breakfast or a late night drink and would highly reccommend a restaurant called Vapiano at Potsdamer Platz ( it was so good we ate there two nights ) for pizza / pasta / salads .
Loved it ! We 've just come back and simply loved the hotel . We upgraded late to Executive and it was worth every penny - just 45 euros per ROOM . Fantastic food and drink all through the day , all within the upgrade cost , and exceptional service . Downstairs bar staff a bit laid back but overall level of helpfulness was outstanding . Our room was really just a little small for two people , but we loved the wonderful white cotton bedding ( changed each day ) and the incredible attention to detail . Apart from the sleping area there was a computer work station and an excellent double bathroom together with more than ample wardrobe space . We had dinner in the restaurant one evening and the food was outstanding . Additionally the airport bus ( 109 ) stops yards from the hotel entrance and the U - Bahn stop is also moments away . It was extremely quiet yet its position could not be bettered for shops and public transport . It proved to be excellent value for money and certainly added to the pleasure of our few days in this extraordinary city .
great room , excellent service . We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in February 2005 in the executive room - great room with street view , very comfortable bed , spotless bathroom , good breakfast ( you may choose btw restaurant and lounge room ) , access to the lounge room with great coffee , sandwiches , soup , salads , drinks etc , great location . The only turndown thing was the hotel reception that checked us in , she said that only atrium view rooms were available because the hotel was fully booked , next day we 've got a street view room which made our stay very pleasant - other than that the service was excellent . You may book all your tours in the hotel , the bus will pick you up from the hotel in this case . We booked it through Expedia and had to walk to the bus . We highly recommend this hotel .
Friendly staff , reasonable location . Exterior of hotel - tastefully decorated !
Loved this hotel . Very Modern Hotel opposite the train station . Stayed in the Park Inn in August 2004 and it was fantastic , Fabulous room , a little small . Rooms had been recently renovated to a very high standard , spotlessly clean , towels changed every day . Breakfast is hot and cold buffet . The buffet breakfast has to been seen to be believed , two years later my partner is still taking about it . Staff were extremely friendly and spoke excellent English . Fabulous hotel , very highly recommended . Front entrance right beside Tram stop and back entrance right beside U Bahn station . Bus stops less than five minutes walk across the square , Great location to explore Berlin .
Very disappointing stay . I have written a previous review on the Alsterhof and having stayed there again , I thought I should share my experiences with readers on this site . The mark of a good hotel is its ability to deal with the unexpected and its ability to make guests feel at home . On both counts the Alsterhof let me down . When I arrived there was no water for a few hours due to construction work . I was told nothing about this at check - in and only discovered that this was the case when I tried to take a shower . On calling the reception desk there was no apology or alternative offer given . Indeed , what irked the most was that the room was full of overpriced bottles of mineral water that they could have offered to guests during this time to use . Fortunately , I did n't have to wait long . The other thing is that the inroom wifi is outrageously priced at EUR9 for 2 hours . The receptionist told me that I could use the PCs in reception for free . The main difficulty with that is that all the files that I have on my laptop that I need to be able to send to my office ca n't be transferred to the PCs in Reception . The hotel is OK for leisure travellers but not particularly useful for business travellers . Finally , on my last day when I took breakfast I was treated to a very loud conversation about me by the waiters in the restaurant and the fact that I had checked - out and had n't paid for breakfast . It was n't true but it was quite embarrassing and really did not inspire confidence . There was no apology from them for the mistake or the inconvenience . In fact , given that and the fact that you basically have to pay for everything in the hotel , including essentials like shampoo , gives the impression that every penny counts and making the guest feel at home comes last .
Really nice hotel . Really good location . Great room with big bathroom . Very nice breakfast . The only bad thing was the missing aircondition , although this would only be a problem in the summer .
Not so Grand . Would you expect a room in a hotel like this to have a connecting door to your neighbor ? I didn ' t . So it was quite a surprise for me to hear him trade creche figurines over the phone late at night . Even more of a surprise was to hear from the night manager that I was the first person ever to complain . . . To cut it short : I had the chance to move to another room after pushing for it . As long as you make sure your room is n't connected to others it 's a decent hotel in a convenient location for tourism and doing business with the government . Service in the Vox restaurant is good .
superb hotel in great location . When we told people we were going on holiday to Berlin they gave us that funny look that usually means that a man in a white coat would be called in the next few moments . We spent six days here . It has to be one of the most fascinating cities on earth both because of its position , history and trauma . Not to be missed . The Hotel is well situated in the middle of Berlin with easy access to both the U - Bahn and the S - Bahn . The Hotel sits above C and A so if you have forgotten to bring your undies your can just pop downstairs . The rooms were spacious , very clean and well appointed . We opted to pay the supplement to look out over the street which was nice . The bed is quite firm . I would rate it somewhere between concrete and diamond whereas the pillows were really soft . The coffee machine is great if you like coffee . Tea drinking was not so easy . All services worked well , reception good and concierge efficient . We didnt eat in the Hotel . We thought 21 euro too expensive so ate in the Kanzler accross the road which had both excellent food and excellent value at about 7 euro . Equally , the area is peppered with wonderful restaurants at reasonable prices . In terms of places to go . I was moved by the Checkpoint Charlie Museum and found the Berlin Story very good . Museums abound in Berlin but they tend to be very well presented but still dry . Overall an excellent Holiday in a fascinating city .
Excellent property . Like many other reviews listed here for this property , the Berlin Marriott actually exceeded my expectations . The building is only 3 years old and actually sits in the eastern sector of the city . Our room was appointed very nicely and everything was in perfect working order . Those of you lucky enough to gain access to the Executive Lounge will find it to be one of the finest , if not the best , in the Marriott system . The breakfast offerings were incredible as were the evening snacks , which turned out to be enough for dinner . The lounge also offers free internet service through the use of 3 PC ' s . The staff in the lounge work very hard and seemed to appreciate the the 2 Euros I left for them each day . The location of this hotel is nothing short of outstanding . Directly above the subway , across the street from the Sony Center ( an entertainment area ) and about 3 blocks from the Brandenberg Gate and Holocaust memorial . The staff were very helpful and went out of their way . I did n't find a single surly employee . Dinner in the restaurant was excellent as well . The Marriott site estimates taxi fare from the airport to be 18 Euros and that 's exactly what it cost . I would not recommend taking the subway from the airport because it first requires getting on a city bus which then takes you to a subway stop . The taxi ride to the main railway station took approximately 6 minutes and costed just a few Euros . Should I ever find myself back in Berlin , this would be the only establishment I 'd check into .
Avoid if possible . Stayed here for a conference and would not advise it for people with other options . Room was decent size for a European hotel but there were also many negatives . Furnishings were dated and floors were dirty . The hotel phone system was down for three days . Staff was rude . The front desk tried to charge me an extra day that I had cancelled upon check - in - this was a 30 minute hassle . The location is okay for but for better restaurants and sight - seeing , stay closer to Postdamer Platz or Mitte .
Great Hotel . Stayed in a standard room - clean , quiet and very comfortable . Hotel amenities were excellent . Staff very friendly . Restaurants - food great and a nice selection . It is in a very good location - tube stop right outside or walking distance to Checkpoint Charlie . A great choice ! !
Do not stay there . Was booked into this hotel based on the photos on the website - which are very misleading . The rooms are distintly 50s style and extremely worn . There were dirty patches all over the carpet and the train line which goes by the hotel will keep you awake all night .
Savor the Savoy . Christmas in Berlin was a wonderful experience here . Little gifts everyday of our stay made it easier to be away from home during the holiday . A huge decorated Cristmas tree and poinsettias in the lobby was enhanced by the deep red walls and wallpaper and crystal chandeliers . Elegant 1920 's furnishings made the lobby a comfortable place to relax after museum hopping with a drink and a book while watching the world bustle by outside the window . The German staff was attentive to our requests without exception . Complimentary bottles of water and chocolates daily was good and the mini poinsettia and tin of chocolates made us smile . We enjoyed the ease of proximity to museums and good restaurants . A cigar bar off the lobby worried us until we discovered it did not offend our non - smoking sensibilities . The bathroom here was spacious , but a disabled person ( me ) would have trouble with the very deep tall tub . Another comfortable chair in the room , there 's one , would be a plus We only ate one breakfast here because we slept in , but its a bit expensive . A croissant and coffee around the corner was convenient and good at half the price . There are abundant taxis here but the U - bahn is cheaper and gets you most everywhere .
A great find in Berlin ! We spent three days at the Berlin Courtyard and really enjoyed it . The rooms are large , clean and quiet . And as an added bonus , the rooms include a refridgerator . A definate plus because the hotel is very close to a grocery store . The front desk staff was incredibly helpful and friendly . Finally , the location was perfect for sightseeing . It was only about two blocks to Checkpoint Charlie . The only negative to the hotel was the high cost of internet access for the lobby computers . Bring your own computer or go to an internet cafe .
Simply said : PERFECT ! A stay at the Ritz Carlton in Berlin is definitely a treat . I just came in from a short and demanding business trip to singapore ( where I also had the pleasure of staying at the Ritz - Carlton ) and went directly to Berlin . They gave me a Club Level room ( without the privileges ) and although my personal taste is much more on the modern side , I just loved the classic beauty of the Karl Friedrich Schinkel - inspired furniture . The room is spacious ( working desk with ink - well and old - fashioned nib ) , the bed is a dream ( yes , they have a pillow menu to choose from ) , the marble bathroom does have a heated floor ( if it is not warm enough for your taste , ask housekeeping : they will turn it up ) , the TV cabinet also houses a DVD - player as additional entertainment option . And did I mention they actually placed a La Prairie body emulsion with the bathroom amenities ? The Spa is luxurious , the small gym has the latest state of the art technogym equipment . But all this would not make the Ritz - Carlton the extraordinary place it is without the Ladies and Gentlemen working there . My company hosted a four - day client event at the Ritz - Carlton . One evening , we had a special guest ( a well known up - and - coming German actor ) invited for dinner outside the hotel . We returned and settled for drinks at the Curtain Club . You know , they do n't close as long as there are guests . . . and the night became longer and longer with drinks and talk . At two thirty in the morning , the actor and one of the top managers felt like playing a round of chess and they asked the bartender if he had a board . When he declined , the actor off - handishly said something along the lines of : . . . that 's kind of weak , I thought this was a luxury hotel . . . A quarter of an hour later , the night concierge had found a set of figurines . He also downloaded the image of a chess - board from the internet and had it printed on canvas . . . so the guests got their game of chess , which lasted until six a . m . . . . . going above and beyond the usual duty of a bartender and a concierge is what makes the Ritz - Carlton so special . Needless to say , everyone in the entire group learned about the famous chess - board . . . . . . and this was not the only time the staff at the Ritz - Carlton proved to be the heart and soul of the hotel . All our clients , who are seasoned and demanding travellers , were very pleased with their stay at the Ritz - Carlton - and for me , the RC is definitely the hotel by which I measure every other hotel I stay at . One other thing I can recommend : Try the afternoon tea - served on fine Wedgewood porcelain , it is a luxurious passtime that has style and flair . . .
Great choice for older travelers . I stayed 4 nights in early April at the Ambassador . I had a good quality room for the price : 20 % discount for a 4 - night stay , about 72 . 00 / night USD for a single , including a huge and varied buffet in an attractive breakfast room each AM . A plus at breakfast - - large carafes of hot coffee at each table . Just off the Ku - damm and the former middle of West Berlin , this hotel was perfect for the older traveler not looking for the nightlife of the Mitte , etc . It was close to U - Bahn , and an easy walk to Zoo train station and connections to the rest of Berlin and beyond .
Great hotel . This hotel is great . The staff are really friendly and helpful . Hotel is immaculately clean and the lobby is impressive . Room service food was great and standard price for such a hotel . Wifi is Euro 12 . 50 for 24 hours . Rooms are a good size . Espresso machine in room is a nice touch .
do n't stay there ! I encountered two big problems : a . more than one week has passed since check - out and 417 euros are still blocked on my card . The necessary payment has been made but this amount ( which is more than what has already been charged ) is still blocked . I called the hotel 5 times already , they say it will be solved , but nothing changes . They never say anywhere that some amount will be blocked on your card for weeks after the check - out . b . toilets are awful ! they are transparent ! if you are staying as a couple , you will have no privacy - you need to know that you will see each other in the toilet and while taking shower .
Do n't Stay Here ! ! ! At first I was happy with my stay until a the last night before my departure from Berlin when I could not withdraw any money from my account ! It turns out that the hotel blocks the amount of money of your stay PLUS a 100 euros for the mini bar in your account WITHOUT telling you ! ! The problem is that I specifically asked when checking in if any money will be deducted from my card and they said NO . So You can imagine when I was shocked that 750 dollars had disappeared from my checking account during my stay there . The hotel not only did n't realize the severity of the problem that this may create for some travelers , especially if one is traveling alone . . . but they also proceeded to NOT compensate me for even one nights stay or offer to make my stay more pleasant . Not only these things happened to me during my stay but my friends bathroom flooded his room and the hotel was not so keen on the idea of him changing rooms even though his entire carpet floor was soaking wet ! In all , you pay for the location , so do n't expect anything special at this hotel . . . . just a cheap room with a good view . Overall , unpleasant experience .
Stylish , low - end hotel . The hotel room
Nice Hotel . This hotel is well placed for visting the sights ( or sites ) with easy access to Zoo Station and the underground . Staff are pleasant and the rooms comfortable .
Best Location in Berlin . our room
Terrible rooms - stay away . I stayed at the Westin Berlin 3 or 4 times . This time I stayed for two nights and they gave me a room upgrade to a renovated room . Renovated ? Yes , they call it renovated . The renovated rooms are located to the courtyard and have the same size like the normal rooms . Bad smell , ugly furniture , bad design , old fahioned , dirty , noisy A/C and not really a heavenly bed I guess . Forget about the rooms in this hotel ! Still , the location is the best and the lobby is very pritty and impressive . But the rest of the hotel , forget about it . Also the food at Friedrichs is boring and very traditional . If you have the chance , go for the brand new Radisson , Hyatt , Marriott or Adlon .
exellent . we booked a comfort room for 4 nights , at this hotel , from internet . we asked a room with view at upper levels . they gave us a large and luxurious room at 6th floor with great view , as we asked . . . . the breakfast was the better i ever seen , with free champagne every day . you can take there mas cart , so you will pay 30 euros for 2 persons . do it anyway ! ! ! ! there are many bars and restaurants just in the other side of the river . try them . at bar called vang gogh the owner play piano . . . . . try the dada falafel at oranien str , and cafe einstein . in a few words , melia hotel was fantastic ! !
Great hotel . Date 29 feb 2008 Have just got back from berlin and found the agon perfect for a stay , ideal for getting around if you get the u bahn from Samariterstrasse ( 2 mins up the road ) to alexandraplatz you can then get anywhere you want to by tram , bus , or rail , get a welcome card it is well worth the money and has a very useful booklet with it . We had a twin room , not huge but decor good and everywhere very clean ( you only sleep in it ) . Breakfast superb - what a choice and staff very helpful . There is a shop on the corner if you turn right out of hotel where you can buy cheap beer , snacks etc . Some nice restuarants nearby too , try Leander and also a bit further away one called Plus minus nil . Would recommend this hotel to anyone it is great value for money .
Fantastic deal , central , modern hotel ! Booked this hotel through hotel reservation service ( hrs . de ) and got a very good deal . The hotel is an old building but has been renovated so that the rooms are very modern and smart . There are good views across the city , and it is a very good location . I preferred being based at the centre of Alexanderplatz because it is so close to the older areas of Berlin . Easy walking distance to the Unter den Linden area with it 's museums , cathedral and of course the Brandenburg gate and Reichstag . It is also not far to Hackescher Markt and the Tiergarten . From the Berlin hauptbahnhof either take the city S - bahn trains to alexanderplatz , or walk along the river to Alexanderplatz . The hotel was very neat and clean , relatively busy and the rooms were well looked after . There was n't too much noise from the city , and the room was spacious and smart . Definitely recommended for people who prefer to stay in larger hotels or chains and want a predictable base for their visit to Germany 's capital .
Lovely Hotel . Visited this hotel for 3 days at new year and had a great time . Booked the hotel on Opodo for 200 and the room was amazing . On 2 floors , 2 bathrooms and loads of space . The attractions are all close to the hotel and the new year party at the brandenberg gate was brilliant . Would definately stay here again without a doubt .
Last Minute Top Secret Hotel Hstorical Gendarmenmarket . Stayed at the 5 Star Hilton Berlin for two nights to experience the Christmas Markets and celebrate my friends birthday . We we allocated room 5088 which looked over an internal courtyard so very quiet but no view . Most importantly the room appeared clean and well maintained . The size of the room was adequate but the luxurious touches I would have expected from a hotel of this standard were in my opinion poor . There were robes ( not very large , soft or fluffy ) and slippers , small , thin towels ( in fact my friends had to share a towel ) . King size bed ( plus added squeaky springs ) with two single duvets . Minimal tea coffee ( one cup per day ) and mini bar . The room also had ironing facilites . There was a pool and spa but I do n't have experience them . With last minute it was room only so no idea what the breakfast was like . The redeeming point was the hotel 's location which was superb . If you can get a room at a good price I would stay here but if paying rack rate there are other hotels with far superior facilities available in Berlin
Just okay at the Alsterhof . Location is fine , place is clean , and no problems with the bathroom , but oh that postage - stamp bed for two . . . and when we asked the next day to be moved to a room with either twins or a decent - sized bed , we were told that the hotel was full up . I 'm ambivalent about staying here again . I got a much better deal at the Marriott Potsdamer Platz on a previous trip . Sure , the Alsterhof is in a great location , but I liked the nice big king - sized bed at the Marriott , and both are convenient to Berlin 's extensive public transport . If I ever book the Alsterhof again , I 'll be sure to ask for a decent bed !
Cheap . We booked a twin bed room in this hotel through an internet travel agency about three months before our stay . The hotel can be easily located from U - Bahn stop of Samariterstasse which is in about 5 minutes walking distance . The room was unfortunately a big disappointment as there were two beds in the room but not even side by side . Since we are a young couple and this was meant to be an anniversary trip , it can be easily understood that the room was inconvenient . Anyway , we did n't complain to the reception as we worked it out by ourselves . The receptionists were friendly and helpfull when they could understand us since their english was quite poor . The truth is that compared to its cost it was good and clean . Everyday we had our towels changed but not our sheets , and the bathroom was really big in relation to the room . Breakfast was as described hot bouffet and was more than adequate . The period we stayed the hotel was full and almost all residents were germans which made us feel good in the sense that locals chose this hotel for their Berlin weekend and they know better . . . . LA PALMA was really nice and I also recommend it ! ! ! ( You can find its delivery menu with all address details in a stand across the reception desk ) . Overall , we loved Berlin and we will try to visit again . Next time we will make the reservation directly with the hotel ! ! ! !
Beware overbooking . We had a reservation - secured with a credit card for 2 nights 14 - 16 April . We had notified the hotel of our expected arrival time - 11pm . We arrived by taxi from the airport exhausted and looking forward to going to our room , taking a hot shower and getting some sleep . At reception as soon as I mentioned the booking it became obvious there was a problem . There was no room for us but they had booked another hotel down the street . No apology , no compensation for the inconvenience etc . It was late , I have limited mobility and made to feel I was making a fuss ! ! ! At that time of night we had no other choice but to go to this other hotel . Compensation - 1 bottle of cheap wine , breakfast . If we had booked the alternative hotel ourselves it would have cost us less , instead we paid Jolly Hotel Vivaldi prices . We feel we have been ripped off ! ! ! ! !
Good but not great . Nice hotel , although nothing special . Good value for money and very central which is a bonus . Let down by the fact it does n't have a pool . You could do worse if you want a base for sight - seeing but you could do a lot better . . . Oh yeah , and if you 're looking for the ironing board , it 's hidden behind the mirror . What 's that all about ?
Great location , good hotel , clean large room with outdated decor . Had a great stay in Berlin in May . Everything about the hotel was good , while the location was great . Short walks to K - damm , Savignyplatz , and zoo . Enjoyed the hospitality and helpfulness of the Savoy Berlin staff . Staff gave accurate restaurant and transportation recommendations , and dry cleaning was performed timely and skillfully . Enjoyed the size of the room and bathroom . But I was quite surprised at the decor of the room - seemed like it had n't been updated since the 80 ' s . But to us , this did n't matter . Space , cleanliness , large functional bathroom , and new bed made up for the somewhat odd decor of the room . Also liked the nice touch of having a bottle of mineral water in the room . Comfortable large and clean . Recommended .
mixed bag . a bit shabby
very nice hotel - the location is not too nice , but the hotel is easily accessible between two metro stations . Rooms do not have their own air conditioning ; temperature is adjusted by receptionist so it was too hot for us at night . Also , cleaning lady has a very strange way of checking if guests have left the room - she just enters the room without knocking , a bit surprizing . + the overall experience was v good - the building is newly renovated , rooms are clean and nicely furnished . Bed sheets and towel are fresh and new . Good value for money .
Standard room , bathroom more like 2 star . If you go to this hotel don ` t book a standard room . The room was ok but the bathroom was tired and in need of refurbishment . The shower was in the bath with the shower head hooked up . This swivelled about when turned on , making it difficult to stand under . There was no thermostat , just a hot and cold mixer tap . I had a nasty fall when the shower suddenly became very hot . I would not recommend this hotel .
Typical Marriott . This hotel is a typical Marriott brand with wonderful service and nice big rooms , especially for European hotels . However , do n't be fooled by the name City Center . This hotel is not as close as other hotels are to the tourist sites , so unless you are staying for business or you MUST use Marriott points , you should consider something closer . There are no stores or restaurants within a half a mile and the walk home from siteseeing in the evening is brutal . However , if you are comfortable using public transit the closest U - Bahn ( Metro ) stop is a 5 - 10 min walk . Some good points : quite at night , very comfy beds , good service , and very clean rooms . Some bad points : not the best location .
NOT recommended - unfriendly and arrogant . despite its hip surroundings and interior , lux 11 is not a place to recommend . problems started with a phone call enquiry where i was simply referred to the website for all information - the guy on the phone repeatedly referred me to the website with each question i asked . then there was a misquote on the price - a substantial sum but given lack of availability we had to take it . front desk staff were clearly annoyed with having to field innocent enquiries , did not make for a pleasant atmosphere . staff let themselves into the room late at night while room was occupied . then at check out there was an extended delay as they claimed we had not paid , which we had done so in advance . on discovering that we had we were offered no apology . NOT recommended ! for the standard they boast , you are better off staying in a lesser star establishment where you will get better service . dont go there .
Good Hotel . We stayed at the Agon for 3 nights in March 2007 . The hotel was very clean with friendly staff and a good breakfast . The surrounding area does have a lot of graffiti but we felt very safe and as the U5 Samariterstrasse train station is only 200m away , the hotel becomes very convenient to get around Berlin . I would recommend obtaining the Berlin Welcome Card ( areas ABC ) , which gives unlimited use of the trains , buses , trams and discounts to most tourist sites including Potsdam . Use the 100 or 200 bus which takes you around most of the tourist sites in Mitte . We followed a previous recommendation on Trip Advisor and ate at the La Palma Italian restaurant which is approx 200m away from the hotel ( turn left then left again across the traffic lights then up on the left ) , the food was excellent . I would highly recommend Berlin and this hotel for a short break .
Beautiful hotel with excellent staff . Rooms Spacious and nicely decorated room with a modern , pleasing interior . Very comfortable bed . The room was equipped with a safe big enough to fit a laptop and other electronic devices . Closet space is sufficient , but not generous . The hotel in general and facilities . Very nice breakfast buffet . Rooms have Wifi internet access for a fee of EUR 22 per day . The hotel also has a gym with three or four cardio machines and one multi - purpose weight machine . Given that there is enough space in the room , the hotel should consider installing some more weight machines . Service Staff was extremely attentive and friendly and paid attention to details , such as always addressing me with my name . Location The hotel is very centrally located at Anhalter Bahnhof , about 800 meters from Potsdamer Platz .
Amazing value from Priceline . Four night stay which we pricelined at the amazing rate of $ 48 / night ! ! ! ! The same price that we had been paying for youth hostels in Munich and Salzburg ! ! Location : In the Mitte , not a whole lot in terms of retail in the immediate vicinity ( seemed to be mostly office buildings and empty lots ) but only one block from the Spittelmarkt U - Bahn station , so very convenient to get around . Breakfast did not come with the Priceline rate and was pretty pricey otherwise , so we ended up breakfasting at cafes in the Potsdammer Platz area . Hotel parking was also expensive so I ended up parking the rental car on the street in the Templehof neighborhood and leaving it there for a couple days . Obviously a newly built , well - maintained Courtyard Marriott . Checkin was easy ( reception almost gave us breakfast for free until I asked her to check again ) and reception was very friendly ( giving us a call to the room when partner left his travel documents at the desk ) . Room was large by European standards and well - furnished . Windows opened and our room was high up above the courtyard so very quiet . The bathroom was one open room with a shower alcove . Reminded me of bathrooms in Bulgaria ( which generally do n't have any separation between shower and rest of bathroom ) . Bathroom was quite large and a shower curtain separated the shower area from the rest of the bathroom so was n't a problem . Oh , so comfortable beds . Linens were like new although not as luxurious as the Mercure we had stayed at a few days earlier . Complimentary bottle of water was a nice touch and the coffee / tea service was replenished every day . We noted the sauna and exercise room on our floor but frankly did n't have time as we were out running around all day and night and getting back to the room late .
Surly staff and baking hot room ! Booked through Lastminute . com , and like the other reviewer who booked through a BA deal , I suspect thye save the worst rooms for people on these kind of breaks / deals . The rooms are situated around a courtyard and therefore every movement / noise is echoed into the rooms . Our room was like an oven when we checked in , and there was a mobile air conditioning unit which had a long tube you had to put out of the window to expel the hot air - and so had to have the window open . . . which seems to make having air con pointless ! When we went back downstairs , I told the desk staff the room was very hot and the air conditioning unit was very noisy - I was told that no , the unit was not noisy at all ! I asked if we could be moved to another room and was bluntly told no . The staff throughout our stay were surly and unhelpful . There was no bath , only a shower . The only thing going for this hotel in my opinion is the location . . . and I guess they trade off this . Would not recommend it unless you get it on a really cheap deal . . . but do n't expect great service !
Too Late for a Coffee . Room , amenities , and location all excellent . Only downside was after we 'd had a few drinks in the bar we asked for coffees but were told we could n't have coffee as the machine had just been cleaned , but they were quite happy to continue serving us alcohol .
I love this hotel ! I spent four days , three nights at the Grand Hyatt Berlin for a holiday weekend . It is wonderful ! The staff - - from the doorman , to front desk clerk , to the concierge , to the housekeepers - - are courteous and friendly . The lobby Christmas decorations were tasteful and gorgeous . And the rooms were well appointed . I particularly liked the zoomy bathroom . I am a very light sleeper . The interior / courtyard room was perfect . I never heard street noise or another guest . The Potsdamer Platz location is outstanding . I heartily recommend this property and would love to stay there again .
clean but nothing special . bed
Upscale and worth it ! Nice bathroom with mood lighting !
Fantastic Hotel . I stayed at this hotel for a friend 's hen weekend , and was very impressed . It is easy to get to the hotel from the airport , and is in an ideal location for shops , bars etc . The rooms were fairly small ( without being cramped ) but had everything you need . The bathroom was cleverly designed with glass walls to make the room look more spacious - but there is a curtain to draw around the glass ! ! The buffet breakfast was the biggest I have ever seen , and all the food was of exceptional quality . The only thing I could find fault with was the shower , which kept going hot and cold . Other than that , the Park Inn is a fantastic hotel to stay in .
Amazing Property - - Do Not Miss This Hotel ! ! We travel frequently and have stayed at some highly rated hotels in both larger cities ( Georges V - Paris ) and in smaller cities / towns ) in the past , but our recent visit to this property was our best hotel experience ever . The room ( Club Level Suite ) was superb and the service levels - - from the Front Desk to the Concierge to the staff in the Club Lounge - - consistently were superlative . We were traveling with family and they provided adjoining rooms for us , something none of the other hotels ( including other 5 star properties ) were able to do . They went out of their way to cook special foods for my daughter ( age 2 ) to ensure that she had plenty of things that she liked . Even when things did not go perfectly at first , we received an apology and they made things right . We had an amazing stay in Berlin thanks , in no small part , to the extraordinary staff at this hotel .
Disappointing . This is an upscale business hotel , not a luxury hotel . The location is great , breakfast was excellent and the beds are fabulous but it lacks character and charm . There was no luggage rack although a call to housekeeping solved this problem . There was only 1 chair and the room was small . This was the last place we stayed after 2 weeks in Germany and it was disappointing to end our trip in a place that was so sterile and impersonal .
Most unwelcoming hoteI I have been in for years . I booked this hotel through the Internet , but was very dissapointed when I got there . You do not enter the looby directly but have to get there by elevator . The whole interior and the rooms are very modern , which I usually like , but here it creates an impersonal atmosphere . I booked an expensive executive room , for a business trip , and to my surprise the room was tiny and there was a probelm with the heating which took hours to get fixed . Most unpleasant was the feeling I had there of total lack of warmth , from the staff ( mostly inexperienced ) and the decoration . Very unwelcoming overall . I left immediately the next morning and 1 month later I discovered they had booked my room rate twice on my credit card . I had to go through several calls and faxes before the problem was finally solved and I was re - imbursed . I will surely never go there again .
Starwood 's White Elephant . The best thing about the Westin , as everybody has already stated , is the location . But , this is not the only hotel in the area - The Hilton is just a few blocks away as are a few others that are in the 5 star range . The big problem for me was the fact that the rooms have an ever present sewer smell that hits you as soon as you walk in the room . I was prepared for this as many of the reviewers have mentioned it , but still , it is unacceptable . I was staying here with my Starwood Points , so the room and breakfast were included in the award , but my points are valuable and I felt like I wasted them on this hotel . A curious thing for me was , when I walked outside the hotel , every so often , from Friedrichstrasse to the Brandenburg Gate , that same awful smell would drift by . My take on it is that the sewer system put in by the GDR needs to be replaced . Bottom line : pick another hotel , the Starwood Group has a white elephant on their hands with this smelly grand hotel .
Acceptable Economy Hotel . Not for Everyone . We stayed here for 5 nights while my husband attended a conference , but we would not stay here again . Good Bits : Very reasonable price , convenient location ( almost next to U - Bahn Stop ) , safe neighborhood , acceptable food , adequate service . Bad Bits : The beds are not intended for 2 people , much too small . Plus , we are both tall people ( about 6 feet tall ) and our feet hung off the end . The bed was very lumpy and uncomfortable . Plus , the sheets duvet are 100 % polyester . Extremely scratchy and way too warm . It is also near a hospital and there were sirens all night long . If you are someone inclined towards sleep issues , DO NOT STAY HERE ! I got next to no sleep on this trip and spent my days wandering about in a daze from sleep deprivation . Meanwhile , my husband slept like a log and lost no sleep whatsoever . I spent my nights wishing desperately for sleep and suppressing an overwhelming desire to poke him for being able to sleep so well !
Good at what it does . . . . . . We stayed here for four nights in May 2008 , and although it was adequate I 'd struggle to recommend it to anyone over 25 years of age . On the plus side the Hotel Zoo is ideally located within Berlin , being only minutes walk from the central bus station , a rail station just seconds from the nearest ' underground ' station . Because of this it makes a good base if you only need a crash - pad . The hotel could n't be faulted on what it provided ; the room we had was comfortable , very clean ; the staff we friendly , helpful ; the public areas were clean and the breakfast ( although pricey at 1 per person per day ) was of good quality , variety quantity . However . . . . . What it lacked were the ' comforts ' that a lot if people travelling in Western Europe have come to expect . We had no facilities to make hot drinks in our room ; there was no room service on offer , so we could n't even get a coffee if we wanted one ; our mini - fridge was n't working on our arrival was still broken when we left 4 nights later . Also , the only toiletry on offer was a bottle of shower gel firmly fixed to the wall . We also failed to get anything other than local language ( German ) TV radio on the small television provided in the room . Whilst this is partly a criticism of myself for not being more of a polyglot it is the only time whilst travelling on the European mainland that I 've had a room without at least one English language channel . Overall I ca n't recommend Berlin as a destination highly enough , but would struggle to advise a stay at the Hotel Zoo , especially to anyone used to what are now regarded as the basics of European hotels .
What a breakfast ! Just returned from a fortnight in Berlin staying at the Steigenberger . Lovely hotel . well appointed , wonderful breakfast buffet . Staff marvelous and very patient with my bad German though reception staff and many others spoke good English . Room very comfortable with climate control . Well placed for getting around the city . Especially good for shopping on the Kurfustendamm . . . bring an extra bag ! ! loved it !
Pick of the best . So I went online and booked this hotel through lastminute . com , which also meant the booking included breakfast . It was also surprisingly cheap considering this is a four star hotel . Anyway , the low - down is , quite simply , this is one of the best hotels you can stay in in Berlin for this kind of price . The staff are very well - mannered and unfailingly helpful ; the room I was given was clean , comfortable , and pleasant . There 's a very nice restaurant downstairs with a glassed - in atrium and you 'll notice that many people visit it from outside who are not guests ( a very good sign ) . Coming from the UK , I was very aware that prices at the restaurant and at the hotel were lower than I would expect . This hotel is definitely value for money . I 'd say the only slight drawback is that it 's about 10 minutes ' walk from Potsdamer Platz . That 's not great if , during your stay , it 's snowing or raining heavily , as it was on both the days I stayed here . But taxis are plentiful and comparatively inexpensive . I 'm quite a choosy person when it comes to hotels . But given the price I would recommend this one unreservedly .
Too less for the price . Below our room was a very noisy restaurant , so we didnt sleep well . The staff was n't too friendly and the management neither . The furniture is nice and i really like design hotels . But even it is only one year old the room look very used still . The prices are very high so I wouldnt recommend .
Less of the attitute , gals . Last two days in Germany so decided to push the boat out and book the ***** , got a good price and most importantly the promise of a kingsize bed . Upon arrival , checked in went up to the room and was very dissappointed . The room was a bit shabby , several cracked tiles in the bathroom and the bed was not kingsize . There was the space for a kingsize bed alright , but two single mattresses had been pushed in and there was a gap between the bedside table and the mattress ! ! I went down to the reception and gingerly approached the subject of the bed size . There was about 5 Gastapo power dressed receptionists manning the desk at the time , most seemed a bit scary ! . Was it because they thought I had got the room too cheap ? , it seemed a bit like that to me . Anyway they sent me off to look at another room which was equally as poor . Back down I went and when I produced my bit of paper that clearly said kingsize bed , they gave me the keys of a decent room . Their attitude was shockingly bad and I truly believe they were judging me on my appearance ( regular - holiday mode , not powered up though ! ) and also that I had booked a cheapie .
Decent design hotel - bit too sparse . Stayed at the Lux as part of a group booking for friends attending a launch party in the City . The hotel staff were great , the breakfast is a good buffet with delicious croissants . The beds are not true king size but are ok for a couple and perfecly comfortable . Very design magazine looking room but white walls inevitable get scuffed . The bathroom is a design feature which I personally would n't choose , but the shower is great , loads of pressure and aboth overhead and handheld . It is open to the room but unlike other reviewers I think if you have issues with your partner seeing you in the shower thats your problem not the hotel . Location is good , Mitte is a great hub to get to everything , there is a U - Bahn and S - Bahn within a couple of minutes walk , and the best boutique shops are just round the corner . No cleaning daily but towels changed which is fine . Overall good for a weekend stay but would n't pay their rack rates .
Not exactly what the website says ! Bit of a dissappointment to be honest . Rooms needed upgrading badly ( and our view was of the roof ! ) and a good clean ! The wing where our rooms were had bad smell . When we complained about the smell the staff simply told us to open the windows . Some staff were very nice and helpful and others were not at all . When we mentioned our room had n't been cleaned one day they simply dumped clean towels in the room and did n't even tidy up ! There was also some inconsistency on the service . . . we were there with family and our room got turned down every night and a free bit of chocolate while the other room never got that . . . and we all checked in together and paid the same price !
Low budget , clean Berlin hotel . The Hotel Ambassador has a pleasant front desk staff and a good location ( close to the Zoo , Tiergarten , the metro and buses ) , but it does not have the best rooms . They are very clean , but the decor is Stalin - esque and the beds were not comfortable . If you 're traveling on a budget , this is a good hotel to consider just test your bed before accepting the room !
Excellent Hotel . Fantastic Hotel . Immacuately clean . Staff extremely friendly and helpful . The location was also very accessible both on foot and trains to many Berlin Attractions in the centre of Berlin . I would strongly reccomend this hotel and would have no hesitation in staying there again .
Have to disagree somewhat . Just to balanace the previous reviews which have all been great i have some negative points . I stayed there recently - I had booked a twin room over 3 months before hand . One of the reviewers mentioned their single room was a bit cell like , well i wonder whether they had just added a second bed in the single room ! It was about 2.5 to 3 metres wide and then the length of 2 single beds long - i suppose about 5 - 6 metres long . Bigger than a cabin but sort of the same feeling The beds were along the side of the wall so careful positioning needed to avoid sleeping with room mates feet wafting into my face . Nice The duvets were very thin but there was good heat in the room so they were sufficient except I was by the radiator and my room mate was furthest away so a bit of messing with keeping it warm / cool enough over the stay . The pillow was like a smaller sheet of the duvet which you folded up to bulk up - didnt bother me but if you are a fluffy pillow person you may be dissappointed . We asked for non smoking but it didnt seem to be one - ashtray in the room and smell of smoke every morning from the corridor . The other problem I had was I found it quite loud - I couldnt hear anything form the rooms beside us but the noise from the corridor reminded me of a hostel - i dont think the people were very loud just general noise seemed to come through . Otherwise the hotel was very clean which was good - towels changed every day and nice staff etc . Breakfast was good and the price was very reasonable - It did O . K . and I know they probably have some very nice rooms with none of these problems . Unfortunately I didnt get one and just letting you know in case you would be a bit dissapointed too based on previous reviews
Hilton was just fine . We , a Scottish couple , decided to visit Berlin for four days and after reading positive reviews regarding the location of the Hilton , we decided to opt for that . On our arrival , we discovered that the hotel had overbooked and that there was to be no room there for our first night . We were a bit annoyed because the location of the hotel had been our primary reason for booking . We were asked to have one night in the Intercontinental and come back to the Hilton for the remainder of our stay . The Intercontinental was fine and on our return to the Hilton I have to say that the staff could not do enough for us . We had a room upgrade and a variety of gifts , free dinner , etc , to apologise for our inconvenience . The staff and in particular , Doreen the acting front desk manager were all superb and truly went out of their way to make our stay more special . Breakfast choice was great , only slight criticism was the room where you have breakfast , sort of reminded me of a works canteen but that aside , choices were good and plenty of food available . Overall , you could do a lot worse than to go to the Berlin Hilton as the location is absolutely spot on for the underground , shopping and sightseeing and of course at this time of year there are a few Christmas markets within walking distance . All in all , we had a great time .
perfect value business hotel . good hotel located at alexander platz like 15 minutes by taxi to shopping areas , clean midsize room , mine was a single with little strange configuration in the hotel corner everything correct hotel with modern decor , good breakfast buffet included in rate . perfect for business with a lot of restaurants around go for the italian left hand size of square coming from the hotel .
Central location . Central location within walking distance of checkpoint charlie and the tube system . Really clean and quiet hotel with very friendly staff who all spoke English . Rooms are smallish but very nicely furnished and very very clean . Very sleek bathroom fittings ! Breakfast was an all you can eat affair and more than filled up before we went off sightseeing . It snowed whilst we were there and was really really cold outside but the hotel and rooms were always warm and relief to get back to ! This trip was a present from my boyfriend as he proposed to me in Berlin so was rather glad all was ok ! Great city and a hotel that was great value for money .
Great Location , But Some Problems . The location of this hotel is wonderful . Easy walking distance to shops , restaurants and historic sights . My room was well appointed . I do wish that the staff were more accomodating . I did n't have any bottled water left in the fridge in my room and so I went down to the bar that is just off the main lobby and asked for a glass of water . I was told to Sit down and we will bring it to you . I did just that , but no one ever came to bring me the glass of water . I then walked over to the front desk , and requested that some bottled water be brought up to my room from room service . It did n't come , so I then had to leave the hotel , walk to a restaurant up the street , where they sold me some bottled water , that I brought back to my room . My room was not cleaned until very late in the day even though I had the Please clean my room sign hung on my door since early morning . In short , if the service at this hotel were up to par , it would be a good choice . Because I could n't even get a glass of water or a bottle of water at this hotel , I will look elsewhere for my next stay . Oh , and on check out , they had charged me for the bottled water that they did not bring me , so of course , I protested , and they reluctantly took it off of my bill .
Nice hotel near the Center . stayed there for a night , nice hotel to relax , 74 euros a night inclusive of breakfast for a 14 day advance purchasewalking distance to Potsdamer Platz , could not explore other places nearby due to time constraint .
Stay away . . . I have just returned from a weekend in Berlin , where I stayed at the Berlin Mark Hotel . The best thing about this hotel is the location : around the corner from the Kurfurstendam , in central Berlin , and close to lots of public transport . Also , getting taxis from hotel never took more than 3 minutes when the hotel called , which was rather impressive . The hotel is very basic and the room I was given had a single bed ( I have n't seen this in hotels for years ! ) and was smaller than most student accommodation I have seen ! The room was extremely basic and the bed and pillow were far too soft , which made me have a terrible time sleeping . I was also given a smoking room . I do n't recall Expedia ( with whom I booked ) asking if I wanted a smoking or non - smoking room , so I felt I did n't have arguments to change . When I asked for a non - smoking room I was told they were fully booked and I could n't change . Fair enough , but I think there is only one floor in the whole building ( of 7 floors ) that is non - smoking , so be aware of that when booking . The staff are helpful and nice but the whole place is in serious need of a refurbishment . The decor is very early 80s with some nauseating bright green everywhere . . . It was also strange to be handed a key , rather than a card for the room , but I suppose that is just me . Brekfast is plentiful but very basic . Beware of smoking areas for people having breakfast that are very close to non - smoking . In fact , the hotel reeked of cigarettes . In other words , if you do n't mind the comfort of your bed and if you are a smoker , you will love it ! If not , stay away . There are plenty of hotels to choose from in the area .
Schizophrenic Hotel . . . My wife and I stayed two nights at this hotel at the end of February . The carnival was in full swinging in Berlin , but not in this hotel . Granted , as you enter the lobby you feel that you are entering into a great hotel . The lobby is beautiful and has a luxurious feel , with a loveably staircase , but the luxury ends right there . The schizophrenic state starts as you begin walking to your room , what an awful smell in the corridor . I concur with previous reviews ; I felt I was walking through a sewer . Then you enter the room . A twin bedded room , and I mean twin and small beds . Really separate beds . Request for change was denied , notwithstanding my Starwood card . No heavenly pillows ; no heavenly beds ; and no heavenly comforters here . I felt I was staying at a **star hotel room . Then you enter the bathroom . It must have been decorated by the owner of a hospital . It was all white , with no goodies . I accept , however , that we had a balcony and a great view unto the Unter den Linden , but that was it . In conclusion , this is no *****star hotel . If you get a great rate per night , like I did using a voucher system , is OK , but otherwise stay elsewhere .
Great Staff , Rooms , buffet breakfast and Location . I regularly travel for business and pleasure and have also worked in a top luxury hotel . The staff at the Mecure provided excellent , friendly service that is definitely top notch . Rooms and hotel are very clean and breakfast buffet great variety and staff very quick to keep it stocked and very tidy . The atmosphere was inviting in every way ; have only positive things to say about my 4 day stay . Definitely recommended . Very central location .
Bait and Switch ? I really wanted to give this hotel top marks . Overall the stay was average and what I would expect with a few minor hitches . My confirmation said superior room , but I think I got a guest room . However , the website and the site I booked through were really vague on the differences . So , I think they can get away with swapping rooms at the last minute . The pictures on the corporate website show only 1 picture of the superior and or executive room . So its misleads you about what to expect . I am not sure if I was a victim of bait and switch tactics here . If the website was a little bit more clear I think I would not have a problem , We were there for a short stay and did not want to make a stink . The GOOD : The room was nice and clean . I liked the decor . The bed was comfy and I loved the coffee and tea in the room . Room was very quiet dispite being close to the elevator . The people at the bar greeted us with a ' Hello ' every time we went by ( only experienced this so far at 5 star hotels ) . It was a nice touch . Hotel is very close to u bahn . Bathrooms were modern and very clean . The BAD The confusion about the room type . The bathrooms had windows with curtains that would not close all the way - leaving a sliver of view . We did not feel comfortable turning the light on at night fearing the fact that you could see in . Would be nicer if they had frosted glass or something . Water was 4 , 95 Euro . The OK Gym was tiny and only had a few machines ( no treadmill , but the precor was a good substitute ) . Could not get the TV to work in gym . The price was right . The location was perfect . I would definitely come back ( for the same price ) , but I would make sure to ask for a room with a bathroom curtain that closed all the way instead of having to ' MacGyver ' a solution .
A word of warning . I had booked a room through the company 's own web - site , and specified a room with three beds when booking a triple . The written email confirmation stated a room with a double and two singles . Me and my two companions arrived at 10:30 at night and were given the room key , where we discovered that there was a double and a single bed . On querying this at reception , I was told that they only received information on the number of occupants and allocated a room accordingly ( a triple in this case rather than a quad in the case of a double and two singles ) . Although I presented the written email confirmation , the receptionist told me they were fully booked and the best they could do was to provide some additional blankets . I felt the receptionists response was poor and asked to see the manager . The manager could n't have been more helpful . He phoned around other Accor hotels around Berlin and transferred our booking to the Novotel Tiergarten at no extra charge ( two twin rooms ) , and gave us a free drink while we waited for the free taxi transfer . The manager 's response and attitude was excellent . However , I felt let down that a . either the booking system does n't provide you with the room that you think you booked , or the receptionist just lied because they 'd given our room to someone else . b . the suitehotel 's rooms looked great and there was a really nice atmosphere in the bar - and we were transfered to a ' better ' ( more starchy and less fun ) hotel . Kind of like getting a steak after you 'd been craving that cheeseburger you 'd ordered . In fairness , this hotel deserves more than one tripadvisor star , but I wanted to get your attention - if you think you might need to , make sure you send an email to confirm exactly what you have booked .
Good location . Nice hotel with good location near the shopping area , subway station , Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church etc . Rooms are quite small , but clean and modern . Plenty of TV channels in many languages . Nice breakfast , although the breakfast room is quite crowded . They had on some days another breakfast room opened on another floor . They were kind enough to allow us an early check - in . Polite staff .
Not Amazing Beds
Lukewarm chic . Stayed here in early December 2005 . Ok , it 's only a 3 - star , but it was nothing special . The location is not that convenient . The rooms were cold ( they were , I suspect , aiming at cool ) , lacked ambiance and were weirdly designed ( I mean , I think my girlfriend is incredibly hot , but I have no wish to see her go to the loo through the glass wall to the bathroom - - any more than she does me ) . We stayed three days , and the sheets were not changed . But the staff were friendly and the lobby area is not without a certain sexy minimalism . Check out was a hassle given that they were not sure what they needed from us . I 've stayed at the Savoy ( owned by the same people as Ku ' Damm 101 and about 10 mins walk away ) , and while supposedly stuffy , it is in fact more stylish by far - - and , while a little more expensive - - an awful lot more comfortable .
Where East met West . We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the SuiteHotel in Berlin . This is part of the Accor chain and the Etap and Ibis were adjacent . Conviently situated for Anhalter Bahnhof underground this is certainly not on Potsdamer Platz , as the details suggested and is not the best area in the city . The surrounding area is a bit run down . The room was large and would sleep an extra 2 people on a rollaway and the sofa for an additional charge . The bathroom had bath and a separate shower and as in most Accor hotels the loo was separate . I booked this hotel thinking it had some cooking facilities which allows us extra flexibility ; while it had a useful fridge , a kettle and a microwave it certainly is not for self caterers as there was no other eqipment - impossible to do even breakfast with a McDonalds style coffee cup and spatula which came with the 2 sachets of coffee and 2 tea bags left each day . I need to do my research better ! The buffet breakfast in the hotel was a reasonable 11 euros but we recommend the Cafe Stresseman opposite where the SuperFruhstuck was excellent value at 4.85 . The staff there were very friendly too . Tips for Berlin : Public transport is brilliant . Buy a day ticket or 2 / 3 day pass for complete freedom . Unless you want to travel outside the city an AB ticket is fine but ABC will get you to Pottsdam which is well worth a visit . If you want to see more than one of the museums on Museum Island buy a Tour card not the Welcome Berlin card ; we got it wrong and were frustrated that the more expensive card did not provide the discounts we wanted . The Egyptian gallery was fabulous , not just the Nefertiti head . A visit to the house where the 1943 Wannsee meeting took place to discuss the Final Solution is an interesting and moving experience . A bus from the station - was it 114 ? - takes you to the door and back and entrance to the exhibition is free . You could stop off at Grunewald and spend a few minutes on Platform 17 where the Jewish transports left Berlin for the camps . This was an unexpected and poignant find . Enjoyed Berlin and its fascinating history ; the hotel was a bit of a disappointment after our last German experience .
Nice , clean , convenient hotel in Berlin . I was quite pleased with this hotel . Like one of the other reviewers , I was also impressed that the room was ready when I arrived in the morning . They even left some sugar energy tablet things on the pillow to help get over jet lag . The price was very reasonable and included daily buffet breakfast and wireless internet access . The breakfast had something for everybody ( European and American breakfast foods ) . The staff were very helpful ; I needed to print something , and they let me print it for free in their business center . There is a tiny elevator , which is nice if you have a heavy suitcase . They have a decent restaurant just off the lobby , and while they do n't do room service ( contrary to what the hotel information book in the room says ) , you can order something and go down to pick it up and take back to your room . One thing I did n't realize until the end of my stay was that there is a grocery store just down the street , so if you do n't want to pay minibar charges , you can go buy your own water and snacks . As far as location , this was a nice neighborhood and convenient to the subway , restaurants , shopping , etc . I was a female traveling alone , and I felt perfectly safe walking around there at night . The room was about the normal size for Europe ( i . e . small ) , but very clean and with a window that could open . I did n't hear any noise from outside . The walls are a little thin , though , so if you 're a light sleeper , you might want to bring ear plugs to protect you from your neighbor 's late - night television , discussions , etc . I stayed there for business and then a few days being a tourist . The only warning I have to offer is if you want to sleep past 8 AM , make sure you hang the do not disturb sign on your door . The uber - efficient cleaning staff will attempt multiple times to clean your room if you do n't have the sign displayed .
Comfortable beds . bathroom - ( great bathtub ! )
Rooms fit for a youth hostel . I checked tripadvisor before booking this . But . . . where did these people stay ? Certainly not in the room that we 're in right now ! Furniture with chipped off paint everywhere . A bis sticky spill of ( I hope ) Coke on the desk . There 's a small door here with a tiny sticker saying : This door is locked , no minibar . hmmm . And I have not been able to locate the fridge with the free drinks . There 's a coke vending machine by the lifet . Coke for 2 EUR . Certainly no free drinks . I still have the knob of the wardrobe door lying here next to ma computer . The toilet flush need lots of jiggling to stop flushing . The window opens fine but I had quite a task trying to get it back into its frame to close it again . Certainly not a hotel I would recommend . We 're moving out tomorrow morning to find another hotel .
Not the greatest hotel we have stayed in . Hotel location was good , rooms were clean the housekeeping staff were lovely . Room smelt of smoke when ' no smoking ' requested . Room was small - no bath , the shower room was very small with a tiny corner shower . The Reception staff were aloof sometimes quite rude . Breakfast was very average , waiting staff very average - on the plus side Berlin was amazing the restaurant across the road from the Mark Hotel - The Meineke Restaurant was lovely both food wise staff wise there was a little bar on the same side of the road as the hotel but near to Kurfurstendamm str ca n't remember the name but the late night atmosphere for couples was romantic and welcoming - see as much as you can Berlin it is a lovely city - we will return - different hotel though !
Certainly a mixed bag , here . We stayed at The Westin Grand Hotel and it was just fine . We had a great time in Berlin and the hotel served its purpose . However , it was not spectacular for a few reasons . 1 . At first we got an unrenovated room . This was not too miserable but we asked to be upgraded in rooms after my back started hurting from the bed . I was under the impression that ALL beds were the so called Heavenly bed and boy were we wrong ! The funny thing is , my husband is usually the one with the back pain ! When we changed to a renovated room were were delighted with the bathroom but still stumped at exactly what was so heavenly about the bed . It was hard and REALLY uncomfortable . ( We were making jokes about it being left over from the Communist era . Tee hee hee ) 2 . Terrible smell of sewers down the corridors of hotel although , thankfully not in our room . 3 . The main conceirge did not give me a warm and fuzzy feeling . He seemed harried and annoyed at me asking too many questions . He recommended the restaurant Stamhouse which is part of the hotel . It was a sportsbar type place and the food was really not good . The main staff of the hotel were all very nice and they had a bunch of baby supplies for us that were helpful . Not a bad choice , but I wonder if we could have done a bit better . . .
Very nice hotel , worth the money . I was on a business trip , spent here one night . It is great modern hotel , I was very much impressed by the room , spacious , clean and modern and good size bathroom , too . Bed is huge , very comfy , nice bedlinen , you will have a good night - sleep here . Staff is great , speak good english , help you with any question . I 've tried the hotel - restaurant as well , great menu , good - size portions and good wine - list ! I would recommend this hotel , and next time back in Berlin I will stay here again .
Disappointing Swissotel . We just spent 4 days last weekend in the Swissotel Berlin . Like previous reviewers , this hotel does n't deserve the 5star ranking accredited to it . Overall , the service at the reception was good , and the breakfast was sumptuous . However , there was no turn - down service , even after we have requested for it after the first night . In addition , the acclaimed fitness and wellness center was a disappointment . The gym feels so clostophobic as there were no windows at all . Also , the lavazza coffee machine in our room did n't work at all . Overall , I think it is only worth a 4* rating - thus , I would not pay anything beyond a 4* price for it .
Great stay at the Westin Grand . Just returned from a Great 3 night stay at the Westin on a fantastic priceline deal . I would agree with earlier reviews that this hotel does n't quite make the 5 star status it claims but is a very good 4 star property . The hotel is located in the former East Berlin and is well placed for most of the sights . Getting around is easy thanks to the U - Bahn station practically on the doorstep . The public areas are very grand especially the lobby with its huge atrium , sweeping staircase and piano player . Could n't notice any strange smells in the lifts as mentioned by a previous poster . Bedroom was standard size and decorated in classic style . The room did show some signs of wear ( nothing major though ) but a refurbishment programme is in progress ( we had a note apologising for any noise heard though we did not hear any ) . The beds were as promised Heavenly with a pillow that could be moulded to suit any height preference . The bathroom whilst adequate was a rather basic white tiled room which did n't quite match the granduer of the bedroom and public areas . Everything worked well though and there was a good selection of bathroom products . Staff were at all times exceptionally courteous and polite . Breakfast was not included and at 13 overpriced as was the bottle of water strategically placed in the room at 4.50 . All in all I have no real complaints about the hotel and would have no problems in recommending it . If you are lucky enough to be awarded the hotel through priceline it really is a fantastic bargain .
Not up to Sofitel standards . We arrived at the hotel at 7pm and strangely enough there was no porter available to help us with the luggage . Check in was quick and effortless and we were assigned room 553 . The room was small and not what we had booked . The requested room was " garden view " away from the heavy traffic outside the hotel . This room was facing the street and it was HOT , not just warm but VERY HOT . The air - conditioning is not that but rather a ventilation system which did not cool the room down , opening the windows meant that the system switched off and of course the street noise became unbearable . As a Sofitel Privilege customer ( their loyalty card scheme ) the room did feature a welcome platter of fruit and some mineral water . What it did not have was the requested double bed ; instead it had two single beds pushed together with uncomfortable mattresses and tiny duvets . Not all the Sofitel international standard , where was the MyBed ( Sofitel 's incredibly comfortable bed ) ? Not willing to accept this for 145 / night I changed room to across the hall but was reminded by the staff that the room standard for the category booked . Well I do n't agree with that and I found this an inherent problem with German Sofitels . They are not up to the international standards . The new room ( 554 ) at least had a double bed ( but alas still two tiny duvets ) and of course the bed was incredibly uncomfortable ( same old mattress ) . But at least it was quiet . Positives about the hotel are : the staff ( very courteous at all levels ) , the food ( breakfast was excellent and so was dinner in the restaurant ) and location . Negatives : Bed ( if you are used to Sofitel beds from around there world do n't stay here ) , bedding ( old polyester ) , house keeping ( on both morning the room was not properly cleaned and coffee and toiletry supplies were not replenished ; the room was also not very clean with huge stains on the curtains ) , in room equipment ( if you love 70s retro you will love the TV in the room ) . This hotel should not be allowed to call itself a Sofitel as the rooms are well below standard , the staff however are right up there .
OK but with some minuses . When we presented our pre - paid reservation through Expedia at the check - in desk , we were told that it was n't registered . We had to make an expensive call on our cellphone to the booking agency in Norway to get a confirmation that everything should be ok , and that we should point out the booking code on our print - out . The check - in man then rang the hotel 's reservation office and it turned out they had apparently forgot to forward our reservation internally . When we pointed out in so many words that this was something he ought to have checked out before turning us away and forcing us to make a 15euro call back home , he gave us free tickets to the Aqua land as a compensation . Never got the chance to use them though , preferring to spend our limited time on Berlin 's many fascinating museums . Our room was a standard size business room , with a nice view towards a park and the Nikolaikirche . It was extremely well insulated against noise ; a very important point since the street in front of the hotel is heavily trafficked at most times . In addition , just a stonethrow away , The Palast der Republik was in the process of being torn down . This was very noisy indeed , but with the window closed we heard practically nothing . On the other hand , there was a very tiresome muzac constantly being piped in the corridors . Made you practically run to and from the elevator to get away from it as fast as possible . Breakfast was not included in our Expedia booking , and we thought it was inordinately expensive . But no problem ; there were plenty of opportunities for a very good and inexpensive breakfast within a couple of minutes on foot from the hotel entrance . The bathroom was very stylish in appereance , but at closer look , several design solutions were just very awkward . For one thing , the wash basin was a porcellain bowl placed on a wooden top . Absolutely a feast for the eye when new . But because of the constant spilling of water from handwashing etc , the wood was now cracking up and appearing very worn . Furthermore , the glass half - wall glued to the bathtub was inadequate when showering , with lots of water on the floor as a result . On the other hand , this inflexible halfwall must be a major obstacle for the room ladies when they 're cleaning the upper part of the tub . A full - length shower curtain would 've been a much better option . And then there was the awkward design of a single swingdoor functioning alternatively for the separate toilet cubicle and the rest of the bathroom . This door was n't even full - length , so it must be a real problem for American couples with their hang - ups about bodily sounds when on the toilet . But to end on a more positive note : A plus for the flatscreen TV with many international channels , for the in - room coffee - and teamaking equipment , and , last but certainly not least , for very good beds .
Hated Moevenpick . Booked at the Hauptbahnhof - - their service was great with the help of an American agent . But this hotel at over USD200 is the most over - priced I 've ever been in . The room is the size of a walk in closet . The bathroom has translucent doors . Cleanliness is marginal . The view is terrible . It 's Internet service is extremely expensive and my emails to friends were bounced back because they would not accept multiple addressees . The hotel refused to make an adjustment . Although the location is fair , the garage charges are also excessive . After having spent more than a week in Germany , from Nurnberg , Bayreuth , Dresden , Bamberg and Leipzig where we received great and gracious service , this place was the pits . The food is mediocre and expensive in an unattractive room where guests roll their baggage noisily along a walk to the elevator . There is a really cool bar next door but I would have spent a lot of time in it to make up for the deficiencies of this place . Avoid it at all costs .
Berlin 's SoHo Hotel . Spent five nights and enjoyed the spacious and spotless , very bright rooms , modern steam and sauna area with cold plunge , and complete breakfast buffet . The staff was helpful and their food recommendations in the immediate vicinity were right on the mark . Active bar in the evening . Excellent location . Would not hesitate to return .
They gave away my room ! I 'd booked this hotel because of its proximity to Berlin 's main station where I was arriving late in the evening and leaving at the crack of dawn the next morning . I booked through Octopus who I regularly use . I 'd pre - paid , my room was guaranteed for late arrival and I 'd even stated on the booking notes what time I would be there . Having got there as planned at 9 . 30pm , the reception was packed with a tour party and I was told they had given away my room . No explanation and very little apology was offered but the receptionist brightly told me they had booked a room in another hotel for me , which when I asked to see it on a map turned out to be miles away , not to mention cheaper than the Charite . They said they would send me there in a cab and I could have a complimentary drink in the bar when I got there by way of compensation . Uh , no . Worse still they could n't given me a cab back to the station the following day . Seeing as I had pre - paid and the hotel admitted they were aware I was arriving late this was shocking and I told them they would have to find me another hotel nearer to the station . Of course by that time of night everywhere was full , at least on the list of other Mercure Hotels or hotels they regularly dealt with . They 'd also had full contact details for me on my booking form and could have contacted me at any time that day giving them time to find me a more suitably located hotel but had failed to do so . I had to kick up a huge fuss , which I 'm not prone to doing , to get them to even try and rectify the situation . Their main response to anything was to say it was n't their fault ! Eventually they booked me into the Jolly Hotel Vivaldi ( which was jolly nice ) , which took all of two seconds and they could have just done in the first place . Then they took half an hour to get me a cab . I finally got to check in to the Vivaldi at 11pm . I know that the Charite gets good reviews on here and I do n't doubt them for a second , it was part of the reason I chose the hotel over others in the area , but their handling of the situation was very very poor and it should never have happened in the first place . Hopefully it was a one off .
An old berlin institution , great pick . I stayed Savoy for two nights . The location is really convenient to use any public transport ( 400m from Zoo Station ) and two blocs away from KUFUDAMM . The front desk was always polite as well as effieicent . The room decor was a classy , and yet cosy . very good after a long walking day in Berlin . My single room has a huge bathroom and a balcony . Some previous reviewers complained about the smoke released from the Cigar bar . It was not too heavy in my room since I aksed for non - smoking one . Breakfest is average , It did have a good selection but a bit pricey 19euros since you can have a decent breakfest in any Kaffee in Berlin . I do recommand Kaffee Einstein . Overall , I will stay Hotel Savoy again for my next Berlin trip for its location and service .
Good location , good hotel . I stayed at the Westin Grand this past weekend during my trip to Berlin to run the marathon . As a family member of a Starwood Hotels employee I have stayed at many Westin properties and this one was about in the middle in terms of quality . On the plus side , the location was great . It is close to public transportation , close to many of the city attractions and close to the start of the marathon . It also was great to have access to the spa and pool before and after the race . I also agree with many posters that the breakfast was great . They also did not charge me for my 7 year old son and he eats quite a bit . On the negative side , was the fact they did not change towels on one day and only stocked the bathroom supplies once for a 3 night stay . Additionally , room service for a pot of coffee took 1 hour . I stayed in an unrenovated room with a view out the window onto Fredrichstrasse . This was nice since I could see a portion of the race route and could watch roller bladers and runners go by from my window . Overall the stay was just above neutral .
Good deal for a basic modern hotel . This is a basic , modern , no frills hotel . I just got back from a week stay there . The rooms are very clean and functional and the staff were pleasant and helpful . I have no real complaints except that the inroom safe had to be paid for on a daily basis which was a little odd ( maybe its a German hotel thing ) I got a great winter deal on the room but be aware the buffet breakfast ( which is very good ) is not included in the price and is Very expensive ( 16 Euros p / p ) . I would advise getting an inclusive deal or eating at one of the many local cafes which offered breakfast for a third of the price . Getting around Berlin is easy with public transportation very close by and the hotel is close to the more interesting neighborhoods of Schoneberg and Kreuzberg ( maps are deceptive these areas are easily in safe walking distance of the hotel even though they appeared to be further away ) Overall this hotel is fine for a basic safe modern hotel but do n't expect much in the way of character .
Centrally location in such a huge city . Very nice modern hotel in Berlin , close to the ZOO Garden station for easy access to all public transportation within berlin . Located very close to a Bus or underground station , making getting to and from the airports ( Tegel or Scheonfield ) easy . The coolest thing about the stay was the view at breakfast , very clean breakfast bar , since it is all indoor on the top floor of the hotel with full wall glass windows facing the street . Internet access at the hotel was an added bonus .
Late review . View from room
Nice place , nice location . We stayed at the Velvet over New Year 08 / 09 and it cost 70 per night , booking with the hotel 's website . Finding the hotel was very easy - the nearest S - Bahn station is a very short walk away . Upon arrival I was impressed at the modern look and feel of the Velvet and the reception was pleasing . We were allocated a street facing room on the sixth floor so had the benefit of a floor to ceiling window - the views are great ! I was a little disappointed with the room - the quality was excellent - but our bed was nothing more than a pull out sofa type and our room was 601 . 1 which had an adjoining door so I suspect that when the hotel is n't full , they treat our room as 601 's sitting area to make 601 a Suite - type room . We also did n't experience the middle - of - room shower ! Having said the above , it is a nice hotel and I would n't hesitate to return . Wireless Internet is free in public areas and Cabled Internet is chargeable in the room - I think it 's 12 Euro a day . We did n't eat in the hotel at all , so I can not comment on catering standards .
Very nice hotel . Excellent hotel . Very modern ( slightly small ) rooms . Great location . In front of an S - bahn station . We got a great deal online ( 90 euros ) .
Average stay . We were checked in by a rather frosty receptionist to find we 'd been given the tiniest of rooms . This was strange as during our whole weekend we hardly saw any other guests - so it was clear they were n't busy / full . The room itself was unacceptably dusty - it looked like it had n't been occupied for sometime . It was modern although the finance link to everything does n't really work and ends up looking a bit tacky . Our bathroom featured a shower ( no bath ) squeezed into such a tiny space it made it difficult to close the door . This caused the bathroom to constantly flood . The sink , while very trendy , had no plug which causes an unnecessary waste of water . The location is OK . . . fairly close to everything , but it 's certainly not with the main sights on your doorstep . Overall , this was an OK stay but the experience could have been a lot better - especially as they had virtually no other guests .
Good value ; excellent location . Stayed there a year or two back for four nights . Location is excellent - in a quiet sidestreet but very convenient for what I wanted . Just off Kurfurstendamm Strasse , within 3 minutes of Ka - De - We , within five mins of nearest S - Bahn and U - Bahn stations . Hotel was clean and staff were friendly and helpful enough . Breakfast buffet was good and plentiful . We ate out for other meals so do n't know what they were like - there were a load of restaurants within a few minutes walk . Would be happy to stay here again .
Not a five star hotel . We stayed here for 4 nights mainly due to some rave reviews on tripadvisor and the cheap rate with expedia ( approx . 32 per person per night in a twin room ) . However , we believe the hotel only merits 5 stars if you pay extra for a Ku ' dam view ( 30 euros extra per night per room ) or go for the executive upgrade ( approx 50 euros extra per night per room ) . Our room was very clean and the bathroom was lovely , but there was not enough wardrobe space , coathangers or pillows for 2 people . Although we expected to have an inside view we did not expect such an awful outlook ie . many hotel room windows facing us and a bleak courtyard down below . You do n't receive any of the extras mentioned by other reviewers unless you upgrade which contradicts the overall five star rating given to this hotel . The hotel staff were courteous and friendly , however , and the hotel itself was spotless if a bit minimalistic and clinical as was the room which was very bare apart from just one picture on the wall . Location was okay , near to the shops and U - Bahn stop but the nearby cafes were always crowded and busy . Not an area for people who want lively nightlife though . In general , it was not the bargain it initially seemed but we got what we paid for . Next time , we would rather look for a hotel with more atmosphere .
Cheap but flawed . The view .
Radisson SAS Hotel Berlin . lift right by the room
excellent hotel . perfect for getaway . Stayed in this hotel 4 nights over Easter 2008 . Fabulous location - really could n't get any better . Only a 10 - 15 minute stroll to Brandenburg gate Reichstag down the beautiful Unter Den Linden . 20 - 25 minutes to Potsdamer Platz . Alternatively it 's around 8 in a taxi . Metro and Tram services are excellent and close by . Hotel is right adjacent to Berliner Dom ( Berlin Cathedral ) and the Museum Island with a huge choice of museums . Hackescher Market with it 's bars and restaurants is only an 5 minute walk away . Hotel itself is very impressive . Rooms very large with big bathrooms and a walk - in shower ( unusual in European Hotels ) . We had a room facing out towards the aquarium - it 's beautiful to look at the fish from your balcony at night . Although the reception and bar area is below your window you can not hear a single sound as the very thick , floor to ceiling glass balcony doors are soundproofed . As too are the room doors so you can not hear any other guests or morning maid service in the hallways . The only downfall of an inner room is that you can not get fresh air through an open window . If you prefer an outside room ask for one on an upper floor facing towards Berlin Catherdral only some 100 yards away . Staff are exceptionally helpful and courteous . Breakfast buffet is superb . There is a very nice Spa in the basement with small pool , sauna , steamroom and other therapy spa options . Be warned - the sauna and steam room does not permit swim wear i . e . it 's nude ( and mixed ) with a towel for modesty if you prefer . My only 2 complaints are : - 1 . Whilst the aquarium is positioned in the hotel lobby / bar area it is not actually part of the hotel but belongs to the Aqua Dom next door . Thus in order to take a ride in the elevator up through the middle of the huge cylindrical aquarium you must pay an entrance fee to the Aqua Dom which is expensive . Sadly the hotel advertisements give the impression the aquarium is part of the hotel , however you can still enjoy stunning views of the aquarium . 2 . The pillows are awful , too soft . Unfortunately the hotel does not offer a pillow service and has no alternative to the ones in the room ( I asked and failed ) . The lack of a pillow service is remarkable for a 5 star hotel .
Not so sure about location . I stayed in the Arcotel Velvet whish is ten minutes away but on passing the Jolly Hotel when i was in Berlin I did wonder about the noise as its a Very Busy area with the S bahn U bahn and the tram all in front of the hotel . I think the hotel I picked is better as it central but not on top of things !
